"Saturday, 22 December 2001, 10:20 GMT Karzai takes power in Kabul Hamid Karzai (right) and outgoing President Burhanuddin Rabbani Power is transferred with a handshake Hamid Karzai has been sworn in as Afghanistan's new leader at an emotionally-charged ceremony in Kabul. In the first peaceful transfer of power in Afghanistan for decades, Mr. Karzai embraced former president Burhanuddin Rabbani and called on Afghans to ""forget the painful past"".   This agreement, although far from perfect, has been warmly welcomed by the people of Afghanistan and by all the countries of the world  UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi  In a speech punctuated by applause and shouts of support, Mr. Karzai called for international help in re-building his war-ravaged country and promised to work hard for unity and peace.  The new government is to run Afghanistan for the next six months - the first stage in a process which should culminate in elections within two and a half years.  Mr. Karzai, 44, said his administration would respect all Islamic rules, the freedom of speech and the rights of women. He also stressed the need to rebuild Afghanistan's education system, severely damaged under the country's former Taliban rulers.  ""We should put our hands together to forget the painful past. As brothers and sisters, we should go forward to a new Afghanistan together.  ""Our country has had destruction in all aspects of life. We need a new beginning and hard work from all Afghans,"" he said.  'Momentous day  Mr. Karzai identified the government's most important duty to be ensuring security and peace and stressed that Afghanistan was again a full member of the international community now that the Taliban had been ousted.  He then swore in the 29 members of his new cabinet, on what the UN's chief representative called ""a momentous day"".  Lakhdar Brahimi, who brokered the new government's make-up at talks in Bonn, said Afghanistan had suffered too long.  Click here for a who's who of the Afghan power brokers.  ""Each and every Afghan has been touched by this tragedy and has grown tired of war. People have now put their faith in this interim administration, and this faith must be rewarded,"" he said.  He said the ceremony, attended by representatives from every province in the country, marked the end of a ""long dark night of conflict and strife"".  Hamid Karzai Hamid Karzai is promising to work for peace ""This agreement, although far from perfect, has been warmly welcomed by the people of Afghanistan and by all the countries of the world,"" he said.  Mr. Karzai, wearing a traditional lambskin hat, spoke in his native Pashtun. But he took care to read a poem in Dari, the country's other main language.  Jobs in the new government have been deliberately divided among Afghanistan's ethnic groups. But some Pashtun leaders are angry because most posts have gone to the Tajik-dominated Northern Alliance.  Image of Masood in a sign of Northern Alliance influence, a huge portrait of its assassinated leader Ahmed Shah Masood hung behind the assembled leaders, and each mention of his name during the ceremony was greeted by cries of respect.  Ahmed Shah Masood's face overseeing the ceremony A picture of Masood dominated the ceremony About 2,000 Afghan leaders and foreign diplomats attended the inauguration, held in the Interior Ministry building.  Security was tight, with armed soldiers and police patrolling in the grounds of the ministry, accompanied by a small contingent of Royal Marines who are the vanguard for the British-led international security force.  Challenges ahead Key tasks for the new government include establishing security throughout the country, restoring essential services, and beginning the process of reconstruction.   Since the collapse of the Taliban, there have been reports of increasing numbers of armed men on the streets in some cities and of pockets of looting and lawlessness.  Three men who security officials described as Taliban fighters were arrested inside the Interior Ministry compound on Saturday morning."
"Thursday, 1 November, 2001, 11:11 GMT US heavy bombers pound Taliban Dust clouds from a B-52 bomb run over Afghanistan B-52s were used in the same role in Vietnam The United States has confirmed that its B-52 bombers are now being used to pound Taliban troop positions confronting forces of the opposition Northern Alliance.  We believe that puts a terrific amount of stress on their military capability  US Rear Admiral John Stufflebeem Rear Admiral John Stufflebeem, deputy director of operations for the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters that the B-52s were carpet bombing targets ""all over the country, including Taliban forces in the north.""  ""We do use it, we have used it and will use it when we need to,"" he said.  The policy of carpet-bombing appears to mark a change of US strategy, with attacks now covering wide areas instead of individual targets.  The new policy may make it easier for anti-Taliban forces in Afghanistan to pursue ground attacks.  But reports quote the Taliban as saying they have just successfully beaten off an offensive by Northern Alliance forces, in an area hit by the US bombers.  The Islamic militia earlier reported that the US-led campaign had claimed 1,500 civilian lives since it began on 7 October, as part of the war against terrorism.  Bomb footage As Admiral Stufflebeem spoke on Wednesday, TV stations broadcast dramatic footage of a stream of bombs hitting mountainous terrain in Afghanistan.   Taliban field commanders were having difficulty summoning supplies and reinforcements because of the attacks, he said.  Shortly after the Pentagon official spoke, US bombers were in the air again, attacking Taliban positions near the Afghan border with Tajikistan in the early hours of Thursday.  Civilian deaths The Taliban say they beat off an offensive by the Northern Alliance in a key valley in the north of Afghanistan on Thursday.  The offensive began in the Dara-e-Souf valley, about 70 kilometers (45 miles) south of Mazar-e-Sharif, just after midnight and it was preceded by US bombing.  Taliban fighters The Taliban say the ""real war"" has yet to begin ""Opposition forces failed to advance an inch,"" a Taliban spokesman was quoted by the French news agency AFP as saying.  The Taliban ambassador to Pakistan, Abdul Salam Zaeef, has said the bombing campaign has killed 1,500 civilians to date.  It was, he said, ""the worst type of state terrorism"".  There is no independent confirmation of casualty figures given by the Taliban and the US says their estimates are greatly exaggerated.  The US also dismissed a Taliban report that they had captured up to 40 US servicemen in Afghanistan.  The US Defense Department told the BBC that the ruling militia had produced no proof.  US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld earlier confirmed that US troops were operating inside Afghanistan and the Pentagon recently reported a raid by US special forces at Kandahar.  But America has denied any combat losses.  Pentagon officials have also announced that they will call up more US reservists than the 50,000 originally planned.  The reservists will be mainly used within America to defend key installations such as nuclear plants.  Hearts and minds The US is believed to have no more than about 100 troops on the ground in Afghanistan, liaising with the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance and identifying targets.  Turkey says it is sending between 40 and 50 military instructors to help the Northern Alliance at the request of the Americans.  The Taliban has been taking foreign reporters to view bomb damage in the city of Kandahar.  They were shown a ruined row of shops adjacent to a Taliban ministry.  Repeated US air strikes have cut off electricity supplies. Residents said sanitary conditions were appalling, and people had been forced to scavenge for food."
"Wednesday, 19 December, 2001, 17:27 GMT 'Let the soldiers' work begin' UK and French soldiers in Bosnia British soldiers will work alongside those of other nations The Defense Secretary, Geoff Hoon, has announced plans to deploy a British-led peacekeeping force in Afghanistan. General Sir Anthony Farrar-Hockley, former commander-in-chief of NATO forces in northern Europe, analyses what the future might hold. A new phase approaches in Afghan affairs.  As ever in this struggle to date, every successive change has prompted the soothsayers and newscasters to predict miscarriage in its wake, if not outright disaster, despite the almost unbroken line of political and military success, stage by stage, enjoyed by the external and internal alliances pursuing Osama Bin Laden, al-Qaeda and the Taliban.  Such is the current reaction.  Winter is setting in. Deaths among the Afghan people due to exposure and starvation are mounting because supplies of food and shelter are not entering the country in the quantities requited.  Political gossip continues to suggest that the new national government of Afghanistan is riven still by the longstanding disagreements of its various members in the coalition.  'Taliban menace  Bands of Taliban warriors continue to menace roads and outlying settlements.  Bin Laden is still at large with other survivors sufficient perhaps to regroup the al-Qaeda.  Propagandists and dupes suggest that Afghanistan is about to lose its independence to control by foreign troops.  Some of this is true, some highly questionable.  The government in Kabul is persuaded that it must hold together if it is to receive the money and technical assistance essential to the resuscitation of its land and people.  To distribute the urgent need for food and shelter, stability and communications are needed.  'Partners, not masters  The Afghan Government recognizes that a few thousand foreign troops will not behave as colonial masters but rather as partners, trained and organized for the work.  Without a network of communications, the reversal of banditry will not be accomplished.  Yes, many problems remain but the partnership on the ground between Afghans and their external allies offers the best chance to carry through the first phase of the recovery program.  Some critics in London say British forces should not be sent because that will put them into danger.  Questions are being asked to discourage their use.  For example, what will the rules be to regulate the opening of fire on, say, those who appear to be bandits or members of the Taliban?  Time limit?  How long will British troops be deployed in Afghanistan?  When will happen if the Kabul Governments disparate membership collapses?  No doubt, such matters must be decided upon before any external troops enter Afghanistan.  But this is nothing new.  They were satisfied for intervention in the Balkan operation.  They will include consideration of the worst case: what happens if the Afghan leaders revert to rival fiefdoms?  At risk Surely this underlines that our men will be at risk at one time or another?  It does but if British soldiers are never to be exposed to risk one wonders how their recruitment and training will be justified.  Successive British Governments are proud to remind their allies that their professional forces are among the best in the world, not least the most versatile in role.  Surely, we are not moving to the abandonment of that condition.  The saving of life during the winter if thousands among the Afghan people depends on the use of British and other allied soldiers.  Let their work begin."
"Tuesday, 13 November 2001, 09:40 GMT Kabul falls to Northern Alliance Northern Alliance soldiers in Kabul The Northern Alliance has made rapid progress Northern Alliance troops have taken control of Kabul amid scenes of chaos and jubilation. In a dramatic overnight advance, Northern Alliance units entered the Afghan capital after Taliban fighters fled towards their southern stronghold, Kandahar.  As looting broke out in the city some Arab volunteers serving with the Taliban were summarily shot and a BBC camera crew was attacked.  Northern Alliance rocket launcher Troops were backed by rockets and US bombing There was a vacuum of authority in the city after the Taliban withdrew, but the BBC's William Reeve says the atmosphere is now less tense.  Residents said music - banned by the Taliban - was broadcast on Kabul radio for the first time in five years.  ""You can celebrate this great victory,"" a female announcer told residents - another novelty in a city where women have been banned from most work and education since 1996.  And men have been queuing at barbers' shops to have their beards shaved off - another gesture of freedom from the strict Taliban interpretation of Islam.   Click here for map of the battlegrounds Northern Alliance Defense Minister General Mohammad Fahim and Foreign Minister Abdullah have now entered Kabul.  Anti-Taliban crowds Earlier, huge crowds gathered in the city, shouting ""death to Pakistan"" and ""death to the Taliban,"" the BBC's John Simpson reported.  Correspondents say anti-Taliban anger is directed more towards Osama Bin Laden's foreign volunteers than towards Afghans in the Pashtun-dominated Taliban movement.  BBC correspondent William Reeve in office as bomb hits nearby house BBC correspondent William Reeve survived a bomb blast in Kabul Thousands of people were seen crowding around an aid agency and carrying away tents, food and blankets in taxis and on bicycles.  And the Taliban are reported to have taken away the contents of Kabul's money markets and the national bank.  The UN Human Rights Commissioner, Mary Robinson, said there were reports of looting of humanitarian aid ""and there is a fear that the situation could turn worse"".  The Kabul office of Qatar-based Al-Jazeera television took a direct hit from a US bomb overnight. The building was destroyed, but the staff had already left building.  William Reeve says a US bomb landed earlier on a house about 100 meters from the BBC office where he was broadcasting. The blast smashed all the office windows.   In other developments:  Northern Alliance forces capture an airport near Kandahar, Al-Jazeera television says - but the Taliban deny the report Northern Alliance forces are reported to have captured 50 kilometers (31 miles) of the road to the eastern town of Jalalabad The Taliban take eight foreign aid workers accused of preaching Christianity from Kabul to Kandahar The White House describes the situation in Kabul as ""very fluid"" - but a senior Pentagon official says the Taliban departure is ""great news"" A UK Foreign Office spokeswoman urges the international community to ""address the situation as we find it in Kabul,"" with the aim of establishing a broad-based interim government there Pakistan says it hopes no single group will occupy Kabul and calls for a demilitarized zone there UN Secretary General Kofi Annan says the UN must move quickly to help set up a representative government in Afghanistan On the way to Kabul the alliance forces passed through miles of devastation - ruined towns, razed orchards and burnt vineyards, the BBC's Kate Clark reports.  But as soon as they got closer to Kabul, she says, villagers stood cheering on the alliance, some throwing flowers on the tanks as they drove past.  Northern Alliance gains the advance followed sweeping gains by the Northern Alliance across the north of the country on Monday.  Ismail Khan Ismail Khan's forces have entered Herat Backed by US bombing, Northern Alliance troops broke through two lines of Taliban trenches north of Kabul on Monday, leaving only the final defenses on the city's outskirts.  The alliance has also taken control of the key western city of Herat and is pursuing retreating Taliban forces in the north-eastern Kunduz province.  In Herat, two opposition factions - the Shi'ite Hezb-e-Wahdat militia and troops under former city governor Ismail Khan - have established control.  Herat commands vital highways leading to Iran and Turkmenistan.  It could also be the gateway for an advance on Kandahar.   The BBC's defense correspondent Jonathan Marcus says the war in southern Afghanistan could be very different, as the Northern Alliance itself may be unwilling to press on into largely Pashtun territory."
"Sunday, 4 November, 2001, 12:07 GMT Bin Laden video 'shows desperation' Osama Bin Laden in recorded video address on Al-Jazeera TV Bin Laden's whereabouts are still unknown Britain and the US have dismissed the latest recorded video message by Osama Bin Laden as an act of desperation which would isolate him from moderate Muslims. The Saudi-born dissident, who is hiding in Afghanistan, accused Muslims supporting the US-led ""anti-terror"" campaign of betraying their faith, and called for a holy war to defend the Afghan people.   It is evidence of Osama bin Laden's total isolation and his desperation  British minister Peter Hain  White House spokeswoman Anne Womack said: ""This is more propaganda that shows how isolated Bin Laden is from the rest of the world.""  The Secretary General of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, echoed these criticisms, saying Bin Laden did not speak for the Arab or Muslim people.  Mr. Moussa, attending an Arab League meeting in Damascus, said Arab leaders considered the anti-terror campaign necessary to prevent more violent attacks.  UN 'crimes  In the address, broadcast by the Arabic-language television channel Al-Jazeera, Osama bin Laden also sharply criticized the United Nations and denounced the UN Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, as a criminal.  Bin Laden, chief suspect in the 11 September attacks on the US, also denounced as ""infidels"" Arab leaders who co-operated with the UN.  Bin Laden supporters, Peshawar Crowds of Bin Laden supporters have demonstrated in Pakistan He said the conflict in Afghanistan was ""primarily a religious war"" between Christianity and Islam.  Condemning US President George Bush's ""crusade,"" he said ""it is a certain fact that Bush carried the cross high... Whoever stands behind Bush has committed an act that stands as annulment of their Islam"".  Editors at Al-Jazeera say the tape was delivered to their offices in the Afghan capital Kabul.  It is the fifth statement they have received from Bin Laden's al-Qaeda organization since the beginning of October - most of them in the form of pre-recorded videotapes - but only the second featuring Bin Laden himself.   Muslim nervousness The video's release came amid fresh signs of nervousness in the Muslim world at the bombing campaign, which is about to enter its fifth week.  Pakistani leader General Pervez Musharraf, a key ally in the campaign against Afghanistan, said ""very serious consideration"" should be given to a pause in the bombing during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.  President George W Bush has ruled that out.  He said on Friday: ""The enemy won't rest during Ramadan and neither will we.""    Al-Qaeda spokesman Sulaiman Abu Ghaith in a recorded video statement An al-Qaeda spokesman previously praised the 11 September attacks Bin Laden said there was no evidence linking Afghanistan to the 11 September attacks on the United States.  ""The entire West, with the exception of a few countries, supports this unfair, barbaric campaign, although there is no evidence of the involvement of the people of Afghanistan in what happened in  ""The people of Afghanistan had nothing to do with this matter. The campaign, however, continues to unjustly annihilate villagers and civilians: children, women, and innocent people,"" he said."
"Tuesday, 13 November 2001, 05:54 GMT Who are the Northern Alliance? Northern Alliance soldiers outside of Kabul The Northern Alliance has been buoyed by the US campaign The dramatic advances by the Afghan Northern Alliance are a great boost for the US-led campaign against the Taliban but it may make the search for a stable post-Taliban government more difficult. The Alliance is a multi-ethnic opposition group, which was plagued by internal dissent when it governed, but is now united in its desire to topple the ruling Taliban.   It was thought Masood's death could mean the end of the Northern Alliance The alliance is primarily comprised of three non-Pashtun ethnic groups - Tajiks, Uzbeks and the Hazaras - and in the past relied on a core of some 15,000 troops to defend its territories against the predominantly Pashtun Taliban.  In early September, the alliance was dealt a critical blow by the assassination of leader General Ahmed Shah Masood, who had been integral in forging alliances with former opponents and maintaining the co-ordination of a patchwork of guerrilla fighter units.  But General Masood's skill had not translated into significant military achievement on the ground. The alliance had controlled just under 5% of Afghanistan - the Panjshir valley, stronghold and birthplace of General Masood, and a small enclave in the mountainous north-east.  It was the US decision to back the Northern Alliance in its efforts against the Taliban - including the bombardment of Taliban front line positions - which marked a major reversal of the alliance's fortunes.  Who's who in the Northern Alliance:  Burhanuddin Rabbani (Tajik): Burhanuddin Rabbani Burhanuddin Rabbani is still recognized by the UN as president The political leader and nominal head of the Northern Alliance. He was elected president of the nation's Islamic Council in 1992 and stayed on until 1996 when the Taliban occupied Kabul.  He is still recognized as the president of Afghanistan by the UN and several countries.  General Mohammed Fahim (Tajik): Fahim faces a tough task in following Masood Former head of intelligence who replaced General Masood following his assassination. Fahim faces a difficult task.  Masood was regarded as a charismatic leader, and a stabilizing influence on the often fractious Northern Alliance.  Abdullah: Acting foreign minister who has become the alliance's principal spokesman. He is a qualified doctor and fluent English speaker.  Rawan Farhadi: Permanent representative of the ousted government of Burhanuddin Rabbani to the United Nations.  General Rashid Dostum (Uzbek): Head of Jombesh-e Melli Islamic (National Islamic Movement), a predominantly Uzbek militia forming part of the Northern Alliance.  It is believed that Dostum receives most of the Turkish assistance because of a common cultural heritage between Turks and Uzbeks.  Click here to read a full profile.  Ismail Khan (Tajik): Ismail Khan Ismail Khan: Taking on a greater role Former governor of Herat and Mujahideen commander during the Soviet occupation.  When the Taliban finally took over Herat he was handed over to the Taliban. He escaped three years later.  He is technically part of the alliance, but until recently had not played much part in the fighting.  Click here to read full profile.  Karim Khalili (Hazara): Leader of the Hezb-e-Wahdat (Unity Party) which represents the Shia ethnic Hazara minority. Khalili is the main benefactor of Iranian support.  Abdul Rassoul Sayyaf: Leader of Islamic Union for the Liberation of Afghanistan which is part of the Northern Alliance."
"Saturday, 10 November, 2001, 20:15 GMT Taliban 'on the run' in north Northern Alliance fighters fire on Taliban position in northern Afghanistan Turning up the heat: opposition forces fire on Taliban Afghan opposition forces, bolstered by the capture of a key city, say the Taliban are now retreating across a broad area of northern Afghanistan. After driving the Taliban out of Mazar-e-Sharif with US air support on Friday, the Northern Alliance says its forces have now swept through several more provinces. There is no independent confirmation.  The Alliance said it would allow the United Nations and aid agencies to resume humanitarian operations in territory they control.  The move is likely to be welcomed by Washington, which has said it wants to step up humanitarian aid to famine-hit areas during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which begins in less than a week.   This is what Taliban needed in order to come to terms with the reality of the situation... Taliban made a strategic mistake by resisting in northern Afghanistan  Dr Abdullah, Northern Alliance Foreign Minister The loss of Mazar-e-Sharif was the first major setback for the Taliban, weakened by intense American bombing, since the US-led campaign began five weeks ago.  The BBC's Mike Wooldridge, reporting from northern Afghanistan, says the Taliban, who only a day ago controlled up to 90% of the country, now appear to be abandoning posts as the opposition advance.  ""Today we have captured Samangan, Sara-i-Pol, Faryab and Jowzjan,"" Northern Alliance commander, General Abdul Rashid Dostum, told the Reuters news agency.  'Fierce' resistance Speaking by satellite phone, he said the Taliban had put up fierce resistance in some places. Earlier he said Alliance fighters had also seized control of Balkh province.  Two soldiers of the opposition Northern Alliance Standing guard: a Northern Alliance soldier Opposition commanders say their forces have also attacked the Taliban on the front line to the north of the capital, Kabul, where American B52 planes have been bombing Taliban trenches.  The Northern Alliance say they are also advancing in the other direction, near the border with Tajikistan.  Importance of Mazar-e-Sharif Airport could be used as US base Good road link to Uzbekistan Military garrisons contain arms and ammunition Centre of wheat production Controls natural gas that supplies energy to northern Afghanistan  They claim to have taken the northern town of Hairatan, near the Uzbek border, and the town of Sheberghan, former base of Northern Alliance commander, General Abdul Rashid Dostum.  Towards Kabul?  So far, there has been no independent confirmation of these claims.  But the Taliban have conceded the loss of Mazar-e-Sharif, saying their forces have pulled back to Tangi Tashgurghan, 60 kilometers (40 miles) to the south.  The BBC's John Simpson, reporting from opposition-held territory in northern Afghanistan, said Northern Alliance commanders appeared confident that the next push would be towards Kabul.  Northern Alliance commander General Abdul Rashid Dostum General Dostum's forces captured Mazar-e-Sharif They said their troops were massing on the front about 30 kilometers (20 miles) north of the capital to intensify their offensive there.  The Northern Alliance has promised not to march into the capital, saying it would halt its advance just outside the city to limit bloodshed.  There may still be strong support for the Taliban, who are mainly ethnic Pashtun, among Kabul's mainly Pashtun residents.  Click here for map of the battlegrounds Mazar 'calm  In Mazar-e-Sharif itself, the Northern Alliance says remnants of the Taliban remain holed up while its forces patrol the city.  The Alliance says 90 Taliban fighters were killed and several hundred captured as the city was taken.  Residents say Mazar-e-Sharif is calm, with some shops open and so far, no sign of the bloodshed which marked previous takeovers of the city.  Some women are reported to have taken advantage of the lifting of restrictions imposed by the Taliban to discard their veils, while men wanting to shave their beards have formed queues at barber shops.  General Dostum said women in Mazar-e-Sharif would now be allowed to go out to work or study."
"Wednesday, 7 November, 2001, 21:11 GMT Blair arrives upbeat for US talks Tony Blair steps off Concorde on Wednesday Blair will be updating Bush in Washington UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has arrived in Washington ready to tell US President George W Bush his tour to the Middle East has ""sown the seed"" for progress on peace. Speaking as he flew to America on board Concorde at the beginning of more hectic hours of diplomacy, Mr. Blair stressed diplomacy and humanitarian aid were as important as the military campaign.   The seed was sown, which I hope can bear fruit in the future Tony Blair Earlier, in the House of Commons, the prime minister defended the use of controversial cluster bombs.  Despite pressure from some MPs, Mr. Blair said it was not an issue he would be raising with the US president.  'Everything vital'   Flying to Washington, he told reporters of the reasons behind his latest marathon diplomatic mission.  ""Obviously, one of the reasons we consult, and co-ordinate is that this is not a conflict that can be fought on the military front alone.  ""There are the diplomatic, humanitarian, and military tracks. Everything is vital.""  President Assad of Syria Criticism from Syria's President Assad proved embarrassing for Blair Mr. Blair witnessed Arab hostility to the bombing campaign firsthand when he visited the Middle East last week in a visit that saw him acting as an envoy for President Bush.  He said: ""Whatever people's hesitations, there was total condemnation of September 11, while no one supported Osama Bin Laden or the Taliban.  ""There was every support for a broad-based successor regime in Afghanistan.  ""There were things that we discussed privately, the seed was sown, which I hope can bear fruit in the future.""  Comparing notes   Mr. Blair and President Bush will also use Wednesday's meeting to restate their positions, ""compare notes"" and review the military effort, according to a spokesman for Mr. Blair.  Back in the UK on Thursday, Mr. Blair will meet with King Abdullah of Jordan and President Musharraf of Pakistan as the diplomacy continues.  The following day he will meet Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar.  But his aides deny suggestions that the prime minister has taken his eye off the ball on the domestic front.  Although recent diplomacy had been ""highly intensive"", Mr. Blair had been out of the country for only nine of the last 57 days, he added.  President Musharraf of Pakistan Musharraf will meet Blair on Thursday Appearing at prime minister's question time on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Blair was pressed over the use of cluster bombs.  Mr. Blair said the controversial weapon had been used once on a terrorist training camp and four times on Taliban frontline positions during the month-old military action.  ""They are weapons that are legal and are necessary in certain circumstances,"" he told MPs during prime minister's question time in the Commons.     Cluster concerns Mr. Blair was challenged by Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy to also seek assurances from the US President that no more cluster bombs would be deployed.  Mr. Blair replied: ""No, I won't seek that assurance.""  He said the weapons were not what are called sub-munition cluster bombs as they explode on impact.  ""There is no easy or pleasant way of fighting a conflict like this,"" the prime minister told MPs.  Weakening the Taliban  ""The single thing that is most important now, is that we take whatever action we possibly can to make sure that the Taliban troops are weakened and those that represent the forces opposed to them can move forward.  ""That is happening.""  The prime minister also told the Commons that he viewed as a ""sound idea"" French President Jacques Chirac's suggestion of a high level meeting between countries donating aid to Afghanistan.  Mr. Chirac said the conference was needed to avert what he called a humanitarian catastrophe.   But Mr. Blair said that, although money had been pledged and the World Food Program had delivered 32,000 tonnes of food to the country over the past month, the Taliban was obstructing the aid from reaching the people who needed it."
"Monday, 26 November 2001, 19:56 GMT Northern Alliance takes Kunduz Northern Alliance soldiers watch a column of Taliban trucks Thousands of Taliban had already surrendered The northern Afghan city of Kunduz has finally fallen to the forces of the Northern Alliance. BBC correspondent Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, speaking from the city Centre, says local people told him the Taliban had left late on Sunday night and alliance troops moved in shortly after.   The atmosphere in Kunduz is very festive, with thousands of people milling around, our correspondent says. The city Centre appears to be unscathed, but there are reports of heavy bomb damage around the airport and in the suburbs.  Earlier there was some sporadic fighting with the last remnants of the Taliban in the city, and some shooting continued around the airport.  Click here for map of the battlegrounds  The alliance's foreign minister, Abdullah, told a news conference in the capital Kabul that the city was now ""totally clean"" of the Taliban, though there were still pockets of resistance in the district of Char Dara to the west.  Northern Alliance fighter embraces an Afghan defector Afghan Taliban defector over the weekend were given a warm welcome Hundreds of people died in the heavy US air raids and shelling by the Northern Alliance, Kunduz residents said.  An alliance commander, General Abdul Rashid Dostum, said 6,000 Taliban fighters had surrendered.  He said their rights would be respected, and it was up to the United Nations to decide what to do with them.  But he refused to clarify what would happen to those who resisted arrest. He described the situation inside Kunduz as normal.  But some reports say wounded Taliban prisoners have been beaten and executed in the streets.  Speaking to the BBC earlier, another alliance commander, General Daoud, said most of the Taliban fighters in Kunduz had chosen to lay down their weapons and surrender peacefully in the last few days, but an unspecified number had been killed.  The Taliban in Kunduz included foreigners - mainly Pakistanis, Chechens, and Arabs - who have suffered brutal treatment at hands of Northern Alliance forces during their takeover of other Afghan cities in recent weeks.  Air activity Kunduz residents said that during the past three nights there was intense air activity at the airport. They believe Pakistani aircraft had evacuated trapped foreign fighters.  There has been no independent confirmation of the alleged evacuations.  The foreigners, who are destabilizing elements in the country, have attracted intense local hatred. Some were beaten or killed during the fall of the capital Kabul and Mazar-e-Sharif over the last two weeks.  But former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani has said that Northern Alliance troops will not ""injure or harass"" the foreign fighters in Kunduz.  ""Although they have committed some war crimes in Afghanistan, they come under the general amnesty that we have declared and they will be pardoned if they put their guns down,"" Mr. Rabbani said.  He added that those captured could be handed over to the United Nations.  The fall of Kunduz frees up Northern Alliance and United States forces to concentrate their attacks on the main Taliban strongholds in and around the southern city of Kandahar."
"Wednesday, 21 November, 2001, 17:59 GMT Defiant Taliban to fight on Agha: Time to forget about 11 September attacks Agha: Time to forget about 11 September attacks The Taliban say they will fight to the death to hold on to areas still under their control in Afghanistan. Syed Tayyab Agha, a spokesman for Taliban leader Mullah Omar, said the movement was still in control of three Afghan provinces, and part of another.   You should forget the 11 September attack, because now there is new fighting against Muslims and Islam  Syed Tayyab Agha, Taliban spokesman ""We will defend our nation... and we will not give any chance to anybody to disturb our Islamic rule in Kandahar and other provinces,"" he told a rare news conference in the Taliban-ruled border town of Spin Boldak.  Flanked by Taliban soldiers clutching Kalashnikov rifles, Mr. Agha dismissed recent reports that Mullah Omar was prepared to leave his southern stronghold of Kandahar and said the Taliban leader had a ""religious duty"" to remain in the province.   Click here for map of the battlegrounds Asked about the whereabouts of Osama Bin Laden, the main suspect behind the 11 September attacks on the United States, Mr. Agha said the Saudi dissident was no longer in territory under Taliban control.  ""We have no idea where he is. There is no relation right now. There is no communication.""  Mr. Agha told the assembled foreign journalists the attacks on America were not the Taliban s problem, and said the movement had a religious duty to spread Sharia, or Islamic religious law, in Afghanistan.  BBC correspondent Peter Greste says the Taliban s message, coming at this point, is a very defiant one in the face of the forthcoming conference on Afghanistan's political future.  He says any speculation the Taliban were willing to surrender is now out of the question, something allied commanders have been hoping would happen.   In other developments:   Monday's meeting between the UN and Afghan ethnic groups has been moved from Berlin to Bonn, a German foreign ministry spokesman said US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld tells CBS news he would prefer Osama Bin Laden was killed rather than taken alive France is to send its nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle to support the military campaign in Afghanistan The US and other countries promise a quick start to the process of reconstructing Afghanistan Aid agencies call for the UN to organize a multinational force to restore stability in Afghanistan US broadcasts and leaflets tell Afghans of a $25m reward for the capture of Osama Bin Laden The bodies of four journalists killed in Afghanistan on Monday are brought across the border to Pakistan The United States, meanwhile, has offered to halt its bombardment of the northern Afghan city of Kunduz, if it would help negotiations for the surrender of Taliban troops holed up in the city.  Deputy director of operations of the Joint Staff, Rear Admiral John Stufflebeem, said the US would pause if the Northern Alliance asked it to do so, but the alliance has so far not responded.  Northern Alliance gunner Agha said the Taliban would defend their territory from opposition forces Talks between the Northern Alliance, which has encircled Kunduz, and the besieged Taliban militia are reported to be at a standstill.  About 30,000 civilians are believed to be trapped inside the city, which came under renewed attack by American bombers on Wednesday morning.  The Northern Alliance has given the Taliban until Thursday to give up or face an all-out assault, but it has warned any amnesty would apply only to Afghans and not to foreign fighters.   Taliban representatives in Pakistan have asked the United Nations to intervene to allow the movement's fighters safe passage out of Kunduz, but the world body says it does not have the personnel on the ground to do so.  The request has also been rejected by the US and Northern Alliance.  As the bombing continued, the US general in charge of the military operation in Afghanistan, Tommy Franks, said the United States might send an additional 2,300 marines to join troops already in place in Afghanistan.  General Franks, who visited Bagram air base near Kabul on Tuesday for talks with Northern Alliance leaders, was confident the Taliban would be defeated in Kunduz.  ""I don't know how long that battle will continue but at the end of the day we will prevail in the city of Kunduz,"" he said after his first visit to Afghanistan since the strikes began."
"Wednesday, 21 November, 2001, 20:12 GMT The Taliban s new press sideshow Journalists filing stories at a camp in the Afghan city of Spin Boldak The first Taliban press conference on Afghan soil 		 Daniel Lak		By BBC News Online's Daniel Lak in Afghanistan  The message was hardly new but the setting was unique.  The Taliban chose to speak to the world's media in Spin Boldak, a dusty border town where smugglers and car thieves are traditionally far more common than Islamic scholars.  This is a town that has seen much over the centuries, with traders and conquerors passing through in both directions.  In recent years, Taliban fighters from Pakistan entered Afghanistan here.  However, this may have the border town's first ever big press conference.  Journalists watched For two days now reporters, photographers and camera crews have been camping out, literally, in the grounds of the foreign ministry guesthouse on the edge of town.  Pakistani soldiers check the documents of Afghan nationals in the border town of Spin Boldak Security was tight for the Taliban press conference Tents, real and makeshift, occupy the few square meters of grass here. The water runs out regularly.  The toilets are a valiant attempt at proper sanitation, however, like the place itself they were not intended for 120 people to use.  Local men and boys get up at dawn to watch foreign journalists wash as best they can before have breakfast.  Taliban guards try to frighten them away, but this is the only show in Spin Boldak.  Long wait What does clear onlookers from the walls of the compound is the traditional meal that ends a day of fasting in the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.  In the end the long wait was worth it.  For the first time since the bombing of Afghanistan began on 8 October, a Taliban spokesman addressed a major news conference on Afghan soil.   The people asked us to come to their provinces after we took over in Kandahar  Syed Tayyab Agha Taliban spokesman  The Taliban s spiritual leader Mullah Omar's 28 year-old protege Syed Tayyab Agha is a relative newcomer to Taliban media relations but his performance in Spin Boldak was impressive and smooth.  His English is fluent. He answers tough questions in much the same way as politicians in the West.  He repeats his message over and over regardless of what his questioner asks.  In this case, Mr. Tayyab Agha was insisting the Taliban were never after power in Afghanistan.  Lawless province They only conquered much of the country, he said, to bring peace and Islamic law to a people beset by bandits and thieves.  Taliban spokesman Mr. Syed Tayyab Agha in Spin Boldak The Taliban aimed to bring only peace and Islamic law to Afghanistan  "The people asked us to come to their provinces after we took over in Kandahar,"" he said.  There is an element of truth in that. Kandahar province was wild and lawless before the Taliban arrived in 1994.  At the time they had the tacit backing of the United Nations, Washington, and Pakistan.  And they did restore peace. They removed informal checkpoints that extorted money from travelers and they severely punished armed robbers and rapists.  It was only as their repression of women spread through Afghanistan that the UN and the West began to criticize them.  Views not changed Mr. Tayyab Agha also seemed to distance his group from Osama Bin Laden.  But his claim that the head of al-Qaeda was not in Taliban controlled territory will not be widely believed.  Mr. Tayyab Agha did insist - again with a degree of truth - that Bin Laden and other non-Afghan Muslim fighters came here originally with American approval to oppose occupying Soviet forces in the 1980s.  But they stayed on long after that.  In the end, this was an event that has not changed the way Washington or London view the Taliban.  Mr. Tayyab Agha's pledge that they would hang onto territory under their control will not be a particularly serious problem.  But his claim of support among the Pashtun peoples of this area is one worth bearing in mind, as the American-led coalition to end terror attacks considers what next to do about the Taliban."
"Tuesday, 15 January, 2002, 23:44 GMT US defends captives' conditions US guard patrols the detention Centre at Guantanamo Bay The prisoners are being held as 'unlawful combatants' US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has insisted that 50 al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners being held under maximum security at a US naval base in Cuba are being treated humanely.  It's not going to be a country club US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld Human rights groups and British parliamentarians have expressed concern at reports that prisoners were shackled and hooded as they were flown to the Camp X-Ray detention Centre from Afghanistan.  ""I do not feel the slightest concern at their treatment. They are being treated vastly better than they treated anybody else,"" said Mr. Rumsfeld.  Human Rights Watch has described the detainees' temporary wire fence cells - which are partially open to the elements - as ""a scandal"".  Jeffrey Kofman, an American journalist who visited the base on Tuesday, said the facility was ""very, very minimal"".  The cells had concrete floors, wooden roofs, and wire mesh walls. Prisoners had a foam mat to sleep on, two towels - one for washing, the other to use as a prayer mat - and some form of chamber pot, he said.  'Cruel treatment  He said authorities at the prison told him that the prisoners had been forced to shave their beards for reasons of hygiene.  An officer holds up the orange prison uniform to be worn by prisoners on their arrival at Guantanamo Bay Prisoners will be kept in uniforms  Irene Khan, the Secretary General of Amnesty International, wrote to Mr. Rumsfeld earlier this week expressing concern that the hooding of prisoners constituted ""cruel treatment"".  Her letter said that hooding prisoners under interrogation was seen by the UN as incompatible with a UN convention prohibiting torture.  Much of the controversy has centered around whether the prisoners have rights under the Geneva Convention.  Mr. Rumsfeld earlier this week said that they did not, describing them as ""unlawful combatants"" rather than prisoners of war.  Nevertheless, Pentagon officials maintain that the detainees are being treated in accordance with the convention.   These people... are accused of having been members of the most dangerous terrorist organization which the world has ever seen  Jack Straw, UK Foreign Secretary Jamie Fellner, director of Human Rights Watch's US Program, said that regardless of whether the prisoners qualify for the extra provisions that POWs are entitled to, they should still be treated ""humanely"".  ""As a party to the Geneva Conventions, the United States is required to treat every detained combatant humanely, including unlawful combatants. The United States may not pick and choose among them to decide who is entitled to decent treatment,"" he said.  The United States has said the men, who were flown shackled and blindfolded to the base from Afghanistan, are being treated humanely.  The British Government has said the detainees - including three Britons - were being treated appropriately but added that it would complain to the US if conditions became unsatisfactory.  Britain concerned Britain - America's main ally in the war in Afghanistan - has been keen not to criticize the US on the prisoner issue.  Cuba map UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw told BBC radio the detainees faced tough measures because of the danger they posed.  ""Many of these people's associates are assumed to have been those who have gone in for suicide bombings and for acting as suicides on airplanes,"" he told BBC radio.  He said Britain would ensure the three British captives were treated in accordance with the Geneva Convention.  None of the prisoners being held at the base has yet been charged but some could face trial in one of the military courts authorized by President George W Bush following the 11 September terror attacks on America.  Britain says it will object if its nationals are sentenced to death if convicted."
"Wednesday, 20 February 2002, 18:14 GMT Pentagon plans propaganda war Donald Rumsfeld Secretary Rumsfeld is checking the legality of proposals test hello	test By Tom Carver Washington correspondent line The Pentagon is toying with the idea of black propaganda.  As part of George Bush's war on terrorism, the military is thinking of planting propaganda and misleading stories in the international media.  A new department has been set up inside the Pentagon with the Orwellian title of the Office of Strategic Influence.  It is well funded, is being run by a general and its aim is to influence public opinion abroad.  Black and white It has been canvassing opinion within the Pentagon on what it should do.  The options range from the standard public relations stuff - doing more to explain the Pentagon's role - to more underhand tactics such as e-mailing journalists and community leaders abroad with information that undermines governments hostile to the United States.  These e-mails would come from a .com return address rather than .mil to hide the Pentagon's role.  The most controversial suggestion is the covert planting of disinformation in foreign media, a process known as black propaganda.  All this has sparked off a fierce debate within the Pentagon. The options range from ""the blackest of black programs to the whitest of white,"" one official told the New York Times.  Some generals are worried that even a suggestion of disinformation would undermine the Pentagon's credibility and America's attempts to portray herself as the beacon of liberty and democratic values.  Under review Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has asked a team of lawyers to check the proposals' legality.  The Pentagon is forbidden from spreading black propaganda in the American media, but there is nothing to stop an American newspaper picking up a story carried abroad.  The Pentagon is well versed in what it calls ""psyops"", dropping leaflets and using radio broadcasts to undermine enemy morale.  But these kinds of activities have always been confined to the battlefield, such as Afghanistan.  Using covert tactics on media outlets of friendly countries is much more controversial."
"Saturday, 12 January, 2002, 02:51 GMT Afghan captives start Cuba detention A US Navy security officer stands guard at Guantanamo Bay Security at the base has been massively beefed up The first group of 20 Taliban and al-Qaeda prisoners airlifted from Afghanistan are now in a detention camp at a United States military base at Guantanamo in Cuba.  They will be handled not as prisoners of war, because they're not, but as unlawful combatants  Donald Rumsfeld But the airlift, carried out in conditions of unprecedented security, has already raised some concerns about the way they are to be treated.  US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld described them as ""unlawful combatants"" with no rights under the Geneva Conventions, but said they would be treated in a manner ""reasonably consistent"" with the conventions.   We will ask to be able to visit the whole premises in order to have a real good view on the whole facility and how they're set up  ICRC spokeswoman Anotella Notari Meanwhile, the Red Cross says it regards the prisoners as POWs with full rights, and Amnesty International has already expressed some concern about the way they were brought to Cuba.  None of the prisoners has yet been charged but some could face military courts authorized by President George Bush following the 11 September attacks.  Experts say the use of Guantanamo is carefully calculated - it is technically Cuban territory, leased to the US military - and if the detainees are never brought to American soil, they can have no recourse to appeals under US federal law.  Media restrictions The landing was witnessed by about two dozen journalists, but the US military has enforced strict media controls - banning all photographs and recordings of the transfer.  Cuba map  The detainees, who arrived from Kandahar on board a US military transport plane on Friday, were described by task force commander Marine Brigadier General Michael Lehnert as the ""worst elements"" of the al-Qaeda terrorist network.  The prisoners were escorted from the aircraft onto buses to be taken to their new quarters, their hands bound and some with shackles on their legs. Some appeared to resist as they got off the plane.  They were dressed in orange jumpsuits, orange caps, white shoes, and facemasks.  At their detention camp, known as Camp X-ray, the prisoners will be isolated in temporary, individual cells with walls of chain-link fence and metal roofs, where they will sleep on mats under halogen floodlights.  The extraordinary security measures have been put in place amid fears of a prisoner uprising such as happened at Mazar-e-Sharif in Afghanistan.  Rights abuses Human rights groups have already expressed concern about treatment of the prisoners. Amnesty International says it has heard reports the men were chained to their seats, hooded, and sedated during the 8,000-mile flight.  A US watch tower at Guantanamo Bay Razor wire and shark infested seas ring the base ""All those in US custody following the military operations in Afghanistan must be treated humanely, with full respect for international standards,"" an Amnesty statement said.  And the International Red Cross (ICRC) said it regards the men - thought to number about 20 out of more than 350 in US custody - as prisoners of war who therefore have all the rights and privileges of POWs under the Geneva Convention.  It is reported that the prisoners had their beards shaved, for reasons of hygiene, prior to the 27-hour journey, a measure the ICRC says might constitute a breach of their human dignity under the convention.   The ICRC says it plans to start visiting the prisoners at Guantanamo Bay early next week to ensure they are being treated humanely.  Natural defenses  Guantanamo Bay 1898 - US Marines land on Cuba during Spanish-American War 1903 - President Roosevelt signs permanent lease for military post 1961 - President Eisenhower insists base remains, despite Castro's revolution 1962 - Battalions of troops arrive during Cuban missile crisis 1990s - Base used to house Cuban and Haitian refugees  ICRC delegates have so far visited nearly 5,000 prisoners in about 40 facilities in Afghanistan, and the humanitarian organization says it will expect the same free access to prisoners in Cuba.  A new prison is being built at Guantanamo Bay to hold up to 2,000 prisoners behind razor wire.  The location is naturally defended by mangrove swamps, salt marshes and shark-infested seas, while hundreds of extra servicemen have been sent to the base."
"Wednesday, 5 December, 2001, 04:57 GMT Anti-Taliban forces hunt Bin Laden Afghan caves Bin Laden may be hiding in the Tora Bora complex Hundreds of anti-Taliban fighters are reported to be heading for a mountain stronghold in eastern Afghanistan, hoping to hunt down members of Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda network who have retreated there. The fighters set out from the town of Jalalabad intent on reaching the area of Tora Bora, where Bin Laden - accused of masterminding the 11 September attacks on the United States - is thought to be in hiding.  Map showing Tora Bora One of the leaders of the anti-Taliban advance on Tora Bora said he was assembling a 3,000-strong force to hunt for the al-Qaeda leader.  Hazrat Ali also told the Associated Press news agency that a patrol comprising about a dozen of his men exchanged fire with al-Qaeda fighters in the Tora Bora area on Tuesday.  The al-Qaeda fighters abandoned a tank and fled to higher ground, he said.  Mr. Ali said that weeks of US bombing had driven up to 1,200 al-Qaeda fighters high up into the mountains, where they were split into small groups.  At least 12 al-Qaeda fighters had been killed in the past two days, he added.  Opposition 'pushed back  Meanwhile, in the south of the country, opposition forces reportedly withdrew from an area near the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar after meeting fierce resistance - apparently from foreign al-Qaeda fighters.  Ahmad Karzai, the brother of Pashtun leader Hamid Karzai, told Reuters news agency that there had been heavy clashes between Pashtun tribesmen loyal to former Kandahar governor Gul Agha and Taliban troops at Kandahar airport.  ""There was very heavy fighting. Gul Agha's men tried to enter the airport itself, but they could not,"" he said.  ""They are now back where they were, on the banks of the river about one or two kilometers from the Centre of the airport.""  A spokesman for Gul Agha's men said they had withdrawn so that the US could continue to bomb the area.  US resolve At the latest Pentagon briefing, US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said two main groups of anti-Taliban fighters were closing in on Kandahar.  ""The situation in Kandahar is complicated,"" he told reporters. ""It's not easy, but one thing is clear: The Taliban and al-Qaeda will be driven from Kandahar.""  Mr. Rumsfeld said that although there was still hope that the Taliban might surrender control of the city, the US was prepared to use force if necessary, to obtain it.  He added that the Taliban would have little chance of reinforcing their troops as all roads in and out of the city were under constant US surveillance.   The Taliban are in effect using the civilian population of Kandahar as human shields Donald Rumsfeld US marines, whose numbers on the ground have now reached about 1,300, are operating south of Kandahar. Correspondents say their role is to block the city's lines of communication rather than attack it.   Pentagon officials confirmed that a member of US special forces was shot and injured near Kandahar on Tuesday. His condition is reported to be stable.  The US is attempting to downplay claims of civilian deaths caused by American bombing of the area, saying there is little accurate information coming out of Afghanistan.  Mr. Rumsfeld said it was ""next to impossible"" to obtain accurate figures of civilian casualties as the Taliban ""lie and distort"".  ""We did not start this war, so responsibility for every single casualty in this war rests at the feet of al-Qaeda and the Taliban,"" he said.  He also accused the Taliban of using innocent civilians as targets, saying: ""The Taliban are in effect using the civilian population of Kandahar as human shields."""
"The myth, the reality 	 Osama bin Laden  The mission and method of Osama bin Laden (CNN) -- Within a mere 18 minutes, two hijacked airliners slammed into the World Trade Center towers, drastically altering the New York skyline, the United States and the world.  After a hijacked plane hit the Pentagon and another crashed in rural Pennsylvania shortly afterward, intelligence experts worldwide thought of one name: Osama bin Laden.  ""There is only one group that has ever indicated that it has this kind of ability, and that's Osama bin Laden's"" al Qaeda organization, former NATO Supreme commander. Wesley Clark said September 11 on CNN.  The exiled Saudi millionaire has been on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list since 1999. The United States' ongoing hunt for bin Laden intensified after officials identified him as the mastermind behind the September 11 attacks.  U.S. forces dropped leaflets in Afghanistan in November 2001 offering a $25 million bounty for bin Laden. But through the U.S. war in Afghanistan to root out al Qaeda and its sympathizers, he eluded U.S. and allied authorities.  Some in the Arab world have disputed bin Laden's role in the September 11 strikes. That said, he has voiced his contempt for the United States on several occasions, declaring a holy war ""against the United States government because it is unjust, criminal and tyrannical.""  U.S. and allied intelligence and law enforcement have implicated bin Laden in several strikes and strike attempts on U.S. targets since the early 1990s. These include the millennium-bombing plot targeting the Los Angeles airport, the 2000 attack on the USS Cole while it was in port in Aden, Yemen, and the nearly simultaneous bombings of the U.S. embassies in Tanzania and Kenya in 1998.  While rarely explicitly admitting his role, bin Laden has publicly celebrated such strikes. In a video released October 7, 2001, he said that America's ""greatest buildings were destroyed. Thank God for that. There is America, full of fear from its north to its south, from its west to its east. Thank God for that.""  In another video released in December 2001 by the Bush administration, bin Laden went even further. On the tape, apparently recorded a month earlier in Kandahar, Afghanistan, bin Laden said: ""We calculated in advance the number of casualties from the enemy, who would be killed based on the position of the tower . . . I was the most optimistic of them all.""  ""This is all that we had hoped for.""  'The myth of the superpower destroyed' Bin Laden was born the 17th of an estimated 52 children of a well-connected multimillionaire Saudi construction magnate. He studied at a Saudi university and took part in the family business, the bin Laden Group, inheriting millions when his father died in 1968.  In 1979, bin Laden went to Afghanistan to fight the Soviets alongside the Afghan resistance fighters known as the mujahedeen.  He used his family's connections and wealth to raise money for the Afghan resistance and provide the mujahedeen with logistical and humanitarian aid and participated in battles in the Afghan war.  The United States, via the CIA, poured $3 billion into the Afghan resistance during the 1980s, providing weapons and other resources for bin Laden and thousands of others who would become his most loyal, fierce supporters.  The war, which ended with the Soviets' humiliating withdrawal from Afghanistan in 1989, had a profound effect on bin Laden, he later said.  ""In this jihad, the biggest benefit was the myth of the superpower was destroyed, not only in my mind, but in the minds of all Muslims,"" bin Laden said. Jihad, the word for struggle, is used by bin Laden to mean holy war.  As the war ended, the increasingly radical bin Laden formed al Qaeda, or ""the Base"" in Arabic, an organization of ex-mujahedeen and other supporters channeling fighters and funds to the Afghan resistance.  Declaring U.S. civilians, the targets Bin Laden himself returned to Saudi Arabia to work for the family construction firm. He aligned Saudi groups opposed to the reigning Saudi monarchy, the Fahd family, expressing anger at them and the United States for allowing U.S. and allied forces to invade Iraq from Saudi bases in the Gulf War.  He left Saudi Arabia for Sudan in 1991, taking assets that had grown to an estimated $250 million, according to some officials. (Others estimate a much lower value.) The Saudi government officially stripped bin Laden of his citizenship three years later, freezing all remaining assets he had in the country.  In 1996, bin Laden issued a ""fatwah,"" a religious ruling, urging Muslims to kill U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia -- a declaration he repeated to then-CNN producer Peter Bergen the following year.  ""The U.S. government has committed acts that are extremely unjust, hideous, and criminal,"" bin Laden told CNN. ""We believe the United States is directly responsible for those killed in Palestine, Lebanon and Iraq.""  He made these remarks in a remote section of eastern Afghanistan -- home to the Taliban, a radical Islamic religious, military, and political unit -- where he moved in 1997 after being expelled from Sudan. In 1998, bin Laden issued a second fatwah, this one calling for attacks on U.S. civilians.  Al Qaeda takes action As the head of al Qaeda, bin Laden has forged alliances with like-minded fundamentalist groups such as Egypt's Al Jihad, Iran's Hezbollah, Sudan's National Islamic Front, and jihad groups in Yemen, Saudi Arabia and Somalia, according to the U.S. government.  Al Qaeda also has ties to the ""Islamic Group,"" led at one time by Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the Egyptian cleric serving a life sentence since his 1995 conviction for a thwarted plot to blow up various New York landmarks. Two of Sheik Rahman's sons joined forces with bin Laden in the late 1990s.  The United States alleges that from 1992 on, bin Laden and other al Qaeda members targeted U.S. military forces in Saudi Arabia and Yemen and those stationed in the Horn of Africa.  Bin Laden told CNN in 1997 that ""Arab holy warriors"" trained in Afghanistan had banded with Somali Muslims in October 1993 to kill 18 U.S. soldiers in a bloody battle on the streets of Mogadishu, Somalia. U.S. authorities indicted bin Laden in 1996 for training those involved in the attack.  On August 7, 1998, eight years after U.S. forces deployed in Saudi Arabia, a pair of truck bombs exploded, within nine minutes of each other, outside the U.S. embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, killing 224 people, among them 12 Americans.  U.S. authorities quickly blamed al Qaeda and President Bill Clinton ordered cruise missile attacks on August 20, 1998, on suspected terrorist training camps in Afghanistan and a pharmaceutical plant in Khartoum, Sudan. In October 2001, a U.S. judge sentenced four men, one a longtime bin Laden aide, to life in prison for their role in the bombings.  At the center of the storm The man who pleaded guilty to a failed plot to bomb Los Angeles International Airport during the millennium celebrations leading up to New Year's Day 2000 claimed he was trained at an Afghanistan camp run by bin Laden.  Ahmed Ressam said he learned how to handle handguns, machine guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers and how to assemble bombs made from the explosives TNT and C4.  Authorities foiled this and other planned attacks on Seattle revelers, a U.S. warship in the Middle East and tourist sites in U.S. ally Jordan.  But on October 12, 2000, a small boat containing two suicide bombers exploded near the USS Cole, then on port call off Aden, Yemen. Seventeen U.S. sailors died in the blast and U.S. authorities, yet again, accused bin Laden of masterminding the attack.  Bin Laden, apparently living in cave complexes in Afghanistan, did not admit his role, but he did continue recruiting for al Qaeda and publicly calling for a jihad against the United States.  He raised his public profile with a series of videotapes, most released to the Arabic-language TV network Al-Jazeera, in the weeks immediately after September 11. But as the videos stopped coming in spring and summer 2002, speculation was that he may have died in U.S. operations in Afghanistan.  But German intelligence officials and the editor of an Arabic-language magazine said in July that he is in good health.  Meanwhile, al Qaeda continued to issue threats, pledging that bin Laden's jihad is far from over. An al Qaeda spokesman said in June that the group would soon ""launch attacks against America.""  ""Our martyrs are ready for operations against American and Jewish targets inside and outside,"" the spokesman said. ""America should be prepared. It should be ready. They should fasten the seat belts. We are coming to them where they never expected."""
"Operation Anaconda ends in eastern Afghanistan March 19, 2002 Posted: 11:23 AM EST (1623 GMT)   U.S. Maj. Gen. Frank Hagenbeck	  BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Operation Anaconda -- the largest U.S.-led ground offensive since the Gulf War -- ended as American and Canadian forces pulled out of the Shah-e-kot region in eastern Afghanistan, the head of coalition forces in Afghanistan said Tuesday.  ""The world's a safer place than it was on the second of March, when we inserted several thousand coalition forces -- including soldiers, sailors, airmen and marines that put their lives on the line to confront al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists,"" said Maj. Gen. Frank L. Hagenbeck, commander of the coalition joint task force in Afghanistan.  Coalition forces have searched more than 30 caves in the region, Brig. Gen. John Rosa, deputy director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a Pentagon briefing Monday. They collected papers, weapons, ammunition, and other items left behind by enemy fighters.  	 VIDEO CNN's Jamie McIntyre says as the operation winds down, the Pentagon's goals have shifted as well.    Rosa said that, while Operation Anaconda is considered over, the U.S.-led operation against the Taliban and al Qaeda known as Operation Enduring Freedom continues.  ""We're still actively pursuing al Qaeda and Taliban personnel throughout Afghanistan, and we're preparing for any subsequent missions that may be needed,"" he said.  Hagenbeck called Operation Anaconda a success on many levels.  ""We destroyed hundreds of al Qaeda's most experienced fighters and trainers,"" he said. ""We destroyed this base of terrorist operations and we eliminated their sanctuary.""  U.S. officials said more than 500 Taliban and al Qaeda fighters have been confirmed killed since the offensive started at the beginning of March. Another 200 deaths have been reported but not confirmed. Eleven allied forces, including eight Americans, have been killed."
"Kamal Hyder: The impact of the Taliban's retreat November 13, 2001 Posted: 2:56 PM EST (1956 GMT) CNN's Kamal Hyder	  QUETTA, Pakistan (CNN) -- The retreat by Taliban forces from the Afghan capital, Kabul, has sparked renewed military activity reaching to the south of Afghanistan. Northern Alliance forces are apparently readying for another confrontation with the Taliban in their stronghold of Kandahar.  CNN's Kamal Hyder left the war-torn region around Kandahar for Quetta, Pakistan, and spoke Tuesday with CNN's Sheila MacVicar about what he had seen there in the past two weeks.  MACVICAR: What was the situation like in Kandahar Tuesday morning?  HYDER: The people of Kandahar woke up to a surprise Tuesday morning when they found that Kabul had fallen. They were anticipating that the Taliban would put up a fight for Kabul and uphold the prestige or willingness to fight. But when they woke up after the news of Herat being taken over Monday, they were shocked, and they thought that all was lost.  MACVICAR: They believe that that was the end of the Taliban or there should be a new battle line drawn?  HYDER: The first thing that people talked about was that the front lines were going back several years. On Monday, people were talking about the front line going to 1997. Then Tuesday morning they said to me, ""I think it's 1989 all over again.""  Attack on America   CNN.COM SPECIAL REPORT   Basically, a feeling is emerging that as the Taliban forces withdrew, the main concern of the people in the south from where these people have gone to fight was, how to get out? I mean, a large force was stuck up in the north, and for them it was a logistical nightmare because their only supply lines were cut off. They were taken over by the Northern Alliance. So, the biggest challenge was how do you get a force of 20,000 to 25,000 people from the north back to the south?  MACVICAR: We have heard reports over the last number of hours that the withdrawal has begun moving toward Kandahar. Did you see any evidence of that as you traveled out of Kandahar toward the Pakistani border?  HYDER: Activity started Monday evening. Intense security patrols and barricades and random checkpoints -- that started happening Monday as the news of the fall of Herat filtered through to Kandahar. So, there was intense security Monday.  Tuesday afternoon, as we left Kandahar, we were stopped several times, and of course they were looking for possible infiltrators or foreigners traveling in Kandahar. We saw a lot of apprehension on the part of the Taliban that things weren't going their way, even in Kandahar.  MACVICAR: There has been a lot of talk over the last few hours of possible Taliban defections. We know that over the past 15 days or so that there have been a number of covert operations into southern Afghanistan -- tribal chiefs traveling in, talking to fellow tribe members, trying to persuade them that now is the time to defect. Were people beginning to talk about that?  HYDER: Yes, there is now the ground reality emerging. People in Afghanistan are pragmatists. They know what they're talking about. They know politics. They know intrigue better than anybody else because it's the land of the intrigue.  They realize that terrible mistakes have been made, like [anti-Taliban leader] Abdul Haq's murder. Some may call it an execution, but some people are calling it outright murder -- that he was murdered very brutally. We had reports that his body was riddled by several hundred rounds of AK-47 ammunition.  And there's a feeling emerging in Kandahar now that he was a Pashtun, he was popular, he could have held Kabul, he could have gotten a better deal for us. Now he's gone, and people are suddenly interested in the more moderate, more understanding Afghan leadership that can bring this country out of its misery.  MACVICAR: There have been reports Tuesday that as the Taliban departed Kabul, they took with them the eight international aid workers who were on trial in Kabul. They were supposed to have taken them perhaps to Kandahar. Do you have any news of them?  HYDER: Apparently, they have been moved out of Kabul simply because people would have been able to release them. So, they have been moved out. Now the journey from Kabul to Kandahar would possibly take place at night because in the daytime there is the chance of detection and they can't move large convoys in the daytime. So, my understanding would be that if these people would indeed be moved to Kandahar, then it would take at least 24 hours to move them at the minimum. That means they should be reaching Kandahar on Tuesday night. To what purpose, we don't know.  MACVICAR: Were there any signs of any of the senior Taliban leadership still in Kandahar, or have they long abandoned Kandahar?  HYDER: When you talk about the senior leadership, then you must understand that the leadership is also very subtle. And they're subtle because they come up to the surface for now.  But as the situation continues to progress, and as the pressure continues to build, we'll see more and more fair-minded Taliban leaders who had a very good vision for the country, who had a vision for the future of Afghanistan and wanted to play a role in the multiethnic Afghanistan. There are people with a broad vision of Afghanistan who want to see a better future for the children of Afghanistan. And don't forget, the international community is reaping the harvest of abandoning the people of Afghanistan for 23 years."
"Maj. Gen. David Grange: The challenge of peacekeeping December 13, 2001 Posted: 7:30 a.m. EST (1230 GMT) Grange David Grange is a former U.S. Army major general and now a CNN military analyst.	  UPDATE: Soon we're going to have a peacekeeping force put into Afghanistan. That force will probably be led by the Brits, maybe by somebody else. Regardless, it's got to be thought out very carefully, so it does not become the enemy of the people or a pawn of the different tribal chiefs.  But even with talk of peacekeepers, is there really peace with the defeat of the Taliban? Right now, the Taliban are essentially defeated as a unified force, but there are still pockets of Taliban in some areas. Some are al Qaeda as in Tora Bora, but others are local tribesmen who have been with the Taliban but refuse to lose with them.  You've also got people like Gen. Ismail Khan in Herat and Gen. Rashid Dostum at Mazar-e Sharif, who arent totally agreeable and will do their own thing regardless of this new coalition government. And then you've got bands of bandits all over the place.  IMPACT: Enforcing the peace is difficult because there's not going to be a true, total peace. You're always going to have tribal feuds, even if you have the government working properly. If an outside entity gets in there and tries to force the other sides not to squabble, then you'll become the enemy -- you'll become an occupying force like the Soviets, whether you want to or not.  Attack on America   And then there's places like Tora Bora, one complex of several where there is active fighting. Whether we get bin Laden in that or not, we'll still have some subordinate leaders in other complexes like Wolf's Den, a place five or 10 miles south of Tora Bora.  TACTICS: You've got two kinds of peacekeeping forces under the United Nations charter. It can be a Chapter 6, where you observe and report. You're there to ensure that humanitarian assistance is provided properly and give the new council in Kabul a chance to succeed. But in Chapter 6, you can't enforce it. You can always protect yourself, but you can't coerce a faction to do anything. If you're peacekeeping and use economic aid as a carrot, you don't look like an occupying force -- but at the same time you want to be strong enough that they don't take your weapons away, like they did to the Dutch in Bosnia.  Or it can be a Chapter 7, which is peace enforcement. But to do that, you must have a big and mean enough force to convince people of your will. The danger of the 7 is you could look like an occupying force.  This is going to be a tough debate. It's probably going to be something like a 6 and a half, somewhere in between. I've had experience in doing both, and it's not easy to set this thing up. But it's going to be critical to getting humanitarian assistance set up. They have 7 million people to feed and will need to deliver 50,000 tons of food a month. They've had incidents in the country already where you've got bandits on the road and so forth.  STRATEGY: So where does America fit in and get out? We don't want to get involved with big forces, but we can't just say, ""That's it."" You heard what Karzai said -- ""America, don't leave us again."" I think we have an obligation to do something there, not only with humanitarian aid, but some sort of support for the rule of law in this re-emerged nation-state to help them succeed.  Because if we don't step forward, Pakistan, Russia, Iran, or others will, manipulating events (like we might) and possibly causing an imbalance. If that happens, you're going to cause some of the roots of this terrorism to re-emerge. We don't want that.  In reconstruction, we'd want to have a hand in the Afghan economy, including the opium situation and crop substitution. We've also got to be involved in diplomatic relations -- our embassy must be proudly operational -- and we must have enough support to show our commitment and keep an eye on some of our own interests. We can't put it on the back burner."
"Nic Robertson: Bin Laden interview November 11, 2001 Posted: 11:00 AM EST (1600 GMT)  Nic Robertson	  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Accused terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden is quoted in a Pakistani newspaper as saying he has nuclear and chemical weapons, and that he would use them against the United States if provoked.  CNN's Nic Robertson has been investigating the story and filed this report.  ROBERTSON: Those reports first surfaced here in Pakistan on Saturday, and CNN went out of its way to convince we that the report or the interview was genuine. So, we went to meet Hamid Mir, the journalist who said he interviewed Osama bin Laden. And he showed us photographs that he said were taken in the last few days of him meeting with bin Laden.  And indeed, he and bin Laden were featured in those pictures. We saw the negative of those photographs. We saw the stamps in his passport showing he left Pakistan for Afghanistan on those dates, came back at that time.  And he also played us a segment of his interview as recorded on an audiotape. The voices on that, we were told, were of bin Laden, and the interview was being translating back into English by bin Laden's lieutenant, Dr. Ayman Al-Zawahiri.  Now, Mir describes being taken to that interview, and he said it was somewhere in the mountains, he believed north of Kabul. He said it was very cold. He describes being blindfolded. He describes being wrapped in a carpet at certain times on the backseat of a Land Cruiser car and then being driven for five hours to an unknown destination. He said when he got there, he could hear gunfire going on in the background.  He described the location he was taken to -- where he met with bin Laden -- as more of a mud hutch than a cave. There were blankets on the wall, disguising the location so he couldn't get an accurate feel of where he was. But he said, during that interview, he asked bin Laden the question of his nuclear capability.  MIR: I put that question -- that according to some reports in different Western newspapers, you are trying to acquire some nuclear and chemical weapons. He was very brief. He said that if the United States of America is going to use chemical or nuclear weapons against us, then we reserve the right to respond back. He said that we will not use these kinds of weapons first. So, these weapons are just for defense.  ROBERTSON: Mir said he doubted whether bin Laden does have those nuclear capabilities, and certainly that is the view of a lot of terrorism analysts who think that maybe bin Laden, in the past, has tried to acquire nuclear-type material, but is unlikely to have developed the expertise to weaponize it. They do say, however, it is possible that he has some form of chemical and possibly biological warfare-type capability. Although that, they believe, is limited.  Now, Mir also said that bin Laden denied his involvement in the September 11 attacks. He said that the United States didn't have any evidence against him. Now, Mir said that the key thing that came out of this interview for him was an apparent U-turn by bin Laden on his policy to United States citizens.  MIR: He took a U-turn on the issue of the killing of Americans. Previously, he was quoted in different interviews saying ""I am against all the Americans."" But this time, he said, ""I'm not against all the American people. I am only against the American policies.""  ROBERTSON: Now this is something that surprises analysts as well because until now, bin Laden has only ratcheted up his rhetoric against American citizens, including them on targets as well as American military personnel and government officials.  Mir said that during this interview, this 90-minute interview with bin Laden, about four times an hour, bin Laden was contacted, being given updated military reports on the progress of the war, particularly as it progressed around the key northern city in Afghanistan of Mazar-e Sharif.  CNN: One of the things, several things I found interesting about this interview were the details that you bring out there. First and foremost, the fact that apparently it implies that Osama bin Laden is still in Afghanistan and geographically appears to be located north of the capital.  ROBERTSON: Yes, I think it's very difficult to know for sure, exactly, where he is. Mir said he could only guess that he was north of the capital because he felt that he was up higher in the mountains. And the mountains do get higher north of Kabul. He said he believed that because he was very, very cold. Although it's surprising to hear that bin Laden would put himself in a location where gunfire could be heard and claiming that he was possibly somewhere closer to battlefront or somewhere that might be being targeted by American aircraft.  Now, Mir said that bin Laden not only keeps in touch with a battlefield on the ground inside Afghanistan but also that he keeps in touch with events going on in the world through television, through CNN and other television broadcasts, that he is able to get a sense of what's happening in the world.  And part of that conversation with Mir, bin Laden was saying that he was very encouraged to see people coming out on the streets in the United States and Europe protesting against these airstrikes. In fact, Mir said bin Laden was encouraging people to do that."
"Thousands march peacefully in nation's capital April 21, 2002 Posted: 7:16 AM EDT (1116 GMT) protest Protestors march near the World Bank and IMF in Washington Saturday.	  WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A chorus of protesters hit the streets of Washington Saturday, rallying peacefully and colorfully for a range of causes under the watchful eyes of police.  An International Monetary Fund-World Bank meeting, Middle East tensions, the ongoing U.S.-led war on terrorism and comfortable spring weather attracted thousands of demonstrators to the nation's capital.  Many of the groups, which generally focused on human rights and expressed concerns over U.S. and international government policies, converged at the U.S. Capitol around 3 p.m.  ""They've been very well-organized ... respecting the fences that have been put up to help their movement,"" said U.S. Park Police Chief Teresa Chambers, noting there were no arrests or major confrontations with police. ""Everything has been very peaceful. We hope it continues that way.""  	 Activists gather in Washington D.C. on behalf of causes ranging from Palestinian solidarity to economic justice to the U.S.-led war on terrorism. (April 20)   Authorities had braced for the protests late this week, removing trash cans and newspaper boxes from city streets -- to prevent demonstrators from throwing them -- and setting up roadblocks to contain and steer marchers.  Weekend leave was cancelled for 3,800 members of the Washington police force, and officers from nearby cities and counties in Maryland and Virginia were called in to help with crowd control, said Washington police department spokesman Anthony O'Leary.  Authorities also focused on the demonstrators' safety, with city Police Chief Charles Ramsey expressing fears Saturday someone could use ""an event like this as an opportunity to commit some act of terrorism."" But while insisting police would be attentive, he said his department had no intelligence about any planned attacks.  Palestinian supporters  stage large rally Friday night, authorities detained dozens of bicyclists for ignoring red lights and driving the wrong way down a one-way street.  The cyclists were protesting the Army's Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation, based at Fort Benning, Georgia. Critics say the institute provides military training for armed forces personnel who commit human rights violations in their Latin American nations, a claim the U.S. government denies.  Caravans of buses, many from U.S. mosques, brought Palestinian supporters to the grassy ellipse behind the White House on Saturday morning, setting the stage for one of the day's biggest rallies.  During the demonstration -- organized by a group called A.N.S.W.E.R. (Act Now to Stop War and End Racism) protesters chanted and waved signs reading, ""Free Palestine,"" ""No War in Iraq"" and ""Don't Fund Israel Killing.""  Near the A.N.S.W.E.R. rally, another group of demonstrators railed against the U.S.-led war on terrorism and its fight to oust the Taliban and al Qaeda from Afghanistan. Several protesters told CNN they believe fighting terrorism with military action will only lead to more violence.  IMF-World Bank protesters 'dedicated to nonviolence' Elsewhere in Washington, members of the Mobilization for Global Justice gathered near the headquarters of the IMF and World Bank as members from the world's seven richest industrial countries met inside to discuss foreign aid and Argentina's deepening financial crisis.  Unlike similar protests in recent years, which led to violence and thousands of arrests, the global justice group said it's ""dedicated to nonviolence"" -- a value in evidence Saturday.  The group wants the World Bank to open its meetings about loans to developing nations, reform policies it claims encourage governments to cut spending on social services and forgive the debts of many Third World countries.  James Wolfensohn, the president of the World Bank, said this week that the institution has ""come a hell of a long way"" in making changes to assist developing nations.  The D.C. Chapter of Free Republic is among many other groups holding rallies this weekend in Washington. The group voiced its support for President Bush's policies."
"Operation Anaconda comes to an end March 18, 2002 Posted: 1:43 p.m. EST (1843 GMT) Troops with the U.S. Army's 10th Mountain Division board a helicopter to leave eastern Afghanistan's Shah-e-kot Valley.	  SUMMARY: The U.S.-led military mission in eastern Afghanistan known as Operation Anaconda is complete, a U.S. military official said Monday.  However, Brig. Gen. John Rosa, deputy director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said about 500 coalition forces remain in the area to search caves for any further traces of Taliban and al Qaeda forces.  Since it began at the start of the month U.S. officials say more than 500 Taliban and al Qaeda fighters have been confirmed killed in the offensive. (Full story) Military officials said Monday a team of U.S. commandos attacked a convoy of vehicles about 70 kilometers south of Gardez Sunday, killing 16 al Qaeda members who were trying to flee Operation Anaconda. No U.S. forces were injured in the attack.  UPDATE:  British Defense Minister Geoffrey Hoon told the House of Commons on Monday that up to 1,700 British troops will be sent to Afghanistan to support U.S. operations there. The minister said this is the biggest British offensive operation since the Gulf War and warned there may be casualties. (Full story) Pakistan s police force and military were on a state of high alert Monday while a special committee investigated a grenade attack that killed five people, including two Americans, the day before at a church in Islamabad's diplomatic quarters. (Full story) The attack in Pakistan has led some top White House officials to conclude Islamic militants are targeting Americans to drive a wedge between Musharraf and the U.S. government. (Full story) Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld will unveil plans this week for military tribunals to consider charges against al Qaeda and Taliban suspects held by the United States. A senior defense official said the news media will have limited access to the commissions, with reporters allowed into the courtrooms but no television cameras permitted. (Full story)  The Bush administration has decided to end around-the-clock combat air patrols over New York and instead will rely on intermittent patrols and a plan to keep fighter jets on ""strip alert,"" ready to fly within 15 minutes, officials said. The 24-hour combat patrols will continue over Washington. (Full story) Vice President Dick Cheney arrived in Israel on Monday, the latest stop on his tour of the Middle East. During his trip, Cheney has been working to build support among Arab leaders for tougher U.S. action against Iraq, one of three nations that President Bush has called part of an ""axis of evil."" (Full story) Four U.S. service members assigned to guard detainees from the war in Afghanistan have been transferred to new duties at the Guantanamo Bay naval base, a U.S. military spokesman said Sunday. Two were transferred because of apparent stress and the other two were transferred because of what one military official called a ""disruptive"" detainee. (Full story) KEY QUESTIONS: Are Islamic militants in Pakistan targeting Americans to divide the anti-terrorism coalition?  Does Operation Anaconda represent al Qaeda's final stand?  Will the United States need to send more troops to Afghanistan?  WHO'S WHO: Osama bin Laden: Saudi Arabian-born leader of the al Qaeda terrorist network who is accused of masterminding the September 11 strikes on the United States.  George W. Bush: U.S. president Dick Cheney: U.S. vice president Pervez Musharraf: Pakistani president"
"U.S. troops destroy giant weapons cache More ammo dumps found Wednesday, October 2, 2002 Posted: 5:41 PM EDT (2141 GMT) 	A U.S. soldier searches a room in a village's mud compound Sunday in southeastern Afghanistan. A U.S. soldier searches a room in a village's mud compound Sunday in southeastern Afghanistan.  	 SPECIAL REPORT    Interactive: The hunt for al Qaeda   Audio slide show: Bin Laden's audio message, 2/03   Terror warning system   Special report: Terror on tape   Special report: War against terror  KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (CNN) -- U.S. troops Wednesday exploded the largest cache of bombs found so far in Afghanistan.  Officers from the 63rd Ordnance Battalion said 417 bombs totaling 124,135 pounds were exploded. Soldiers used 34,000 pounds of C-4 plastic explosives to set off the blast.  There were three kinds of bombs in the cache, including Russian-made cluster bombs, officials said.  U.S. officials said the cache was discovered early in Operation Enduring Freedom. The decision was made only recently to destroy it, and preparations had been going on for past two weeks.  Afghan officials said the Taliban tried to hide the bombs last November about 14 kilometers southeast of the Kandahar airport near the Durie River in advance of approaching opposition forces.  Two nearby villages were evacuated temporarily and a portion of Highway 4 between Kandahar and Spin Boldak was closed during the blast.  Earlier in the day, a military spokesman announced that U.S. special operations forces Tuesday uncovered another large weapons cache in the eastern part of the country. The troops were searching for Taliban and al Qaeda holdouts.  According to Col. Roger King, more than 500,000 rounds of machine gun ammunition were found inside two tunnels on a farm in Oruzgan province near the town of Deh Rawud.  The ammunition was enough to fill three large commercial trucks.  Fighting positions and bunkers were also discovered on the property. These were destroyed along with the tunnels where the munitions were found.  The discovery was the latest in a series of large-scale weapons caches unearthed by U.S. troops deployed in Afghanistan.  Late last month U.S. troops seized a cache of weapons, documents, and other items, including a model of a Boeing 757 jetliner, in southeastern Afghanistan near the city of Khowst.  In addition, special operations troops discovered a rocket-propelled grenade launcher with 50 grenades, a Russian-made machine gun, ""a large bag carrying official documents"" -- including a pass for crossing the border into Pakistan, where large numbers of Taliban and al Qaeda fighters are believed to have taken refuge. "
"Lin: Taliban fight for Kandahar November 14, 2001 Posted: 5:20 PM EST (2220 GMT) Carol Lin	 QUETTA, Pakistan (CNN) -- A battle is reportedly under way in southern Afghanistan for the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar.  CNN's Carol Lin is based in nearby Quetta, Pakistan. She filed this report.  LIN: We're hearing a lot of different things. U.S. officials have been saying that Kandahar could fall (soon), that there is fierce fighting in the streets.  But what our sources are telling us is that the Taliban are still very much in control of Kandahar. They still control the airport there, which is critical, and they still control the city. In fact, right now, they are regrouping inside the city, bringing in reinforcements from outside the city. There are reports of hand-to-hand combat on the streets as the Taliban fighters have handed out automatic weapons, AK-47s, to their sympathizers, even ordinary citizens there.  Also, we understand that the Taliban strategy is to not fight to the death in Kandahar, even though it is an important city to them. It is their founding city and their spiritual stronghold. They learned a very important lesson when they lost Mazar-e Sharif, where their forces were absolutely decimated by the bombing by American planes, as well as by the Northern Alliance forces moving in so rapidly.  So, what their strategy is, right now, is to try to hold off the local Afghan mujahideen, whom they're fighting with on the ground. But if it gets too ugly, the strategy may very well be to pull back into the hillsides.  In the meantime, here in the city of Quetta, there is a strategy session going on right now with Afghan tribal leaders who are organizing and trying to appeal to moderate elements of the Taliban to have them defect from the Taliban right now -- convince them that if they defect now that they may have a role in a coalition government.  What is critical about these Afghan tribal leaders is that Afghanistan has a long history of tribal culture, and it is these tribal leaders who will determine the tone and tenure and the mood of the people, because of their close tribal relationships with one another. So, we are monitoring that meeting very carefully right now.  But the situation in Kandahar, frankly, is very sketchy. It's hard to know what to believe, how intense the fighting is on the streets. People are saying very different things -- U.S. officials say one thing, and our sources inside Kandahar say another.  CNN: It does sound like things are changing every moment. Any idea, if the Taliban do leave Kandahar, where they would go?  LIN: Word is that they would be under orders to basically disappear into the hillsides around Kandahar, buy some time and regroup. The Taliban have said from the very beginning that they never expected to fight a conventional war, that they always expected that ultimately it would evolve into guerrilla warfare.  The lesson from Mazar-e Sharif is, when you're overwhelmed by technology and a massive force coming down on you, the last thing you want to do is spend all of your ammunition and kill off all of your men. They want to preserve the ammunition that they have, preserve the manpower that they have, flee to the hills.  The concern here, though, in the neighboring Baluchistan Province, is that the Taliban fighters may very well spill over the border into Baluchistan, Pakistan, naturally. They have resources here -- many of them own real estate, homes.  You might recall that when the Taliban movement first started, they were borne out of the religious schools here, which sent hundreds, if not thousands, of young men to help fight for the Taliban back in 1996. So, they have deep family connections, as well as financial connections, here in the Baluchistan Province.  And when we looked at the border situation yesterday, it was very interesting. You saw a very strong Taliban border presence, still patrolling heavily on their side of the border with their automatic weapons and their rocket launchers. The concern is that that weaponry, as well as some of the fighters, could spill over. And in fact, some detainees we saw at one checkpoint yesterday did have some members of the Taliban there.  Very quickly, I want to update you on the situation with the Taliban ambassador. There was some confusion about whether he had fled to Kandahar. In fact, CNN has learned that he did leave for Kandahar. He is now back in the Baluchistan Province, near Quetta, and we understand that he has been called back to Kandahar for further meetings.  But it's business as usual up in the Taliban Embassy up in Islamabad, so the Taliban are still operating here as an official government."
"Karachi bomb 'terrorist murders' -- Bush May 9, 2002 Posted: 10:31 PM EDT (0231 GMT) The New Zealand cricket team has pulled out of its tour following the blast	  KARACHI, Pakistan (CNN) -- U.S. President George W. Bush has labeled as ""terrorist murders"" a suspected suicide bombing in Pakistan that killed at least 14 people.  Eleven French nationals and three Pakistanis died when an explosion ripped through a bus outside an upscale Karachi hotel in Pakistan early Wednesday.  At least 23 others, including at least 12 French nationals, were wounded in the blast just before 8 a.m. (10 p.m. ET Tuesday), according to Pakistani officials.  ""On behalf of the American people, I extend my condolences to the families of the victims, and the people of Pakistan and France, whose citizens were killed in this attack,"" President Bush said.  ""Today's attack underscores the dangers all our citizens and societies continue to face from such attacks and strengthens our resolve to continue working together to fight terrorism at home and abroad,"" he said.  French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie has visited the French survivors of a bomb attack in Pakistan that left 14 people dead.   Memon said: ""We condemn this act of terrorism. We will (catch) those who were responsible for this act.""  ""We arrested the killers of Daniel Pearl, an American journalist, and we will act similarly in this case.""  Earlier, U.S. State Department spokesman Richard Boucher condemned the bombing saying France and Pakistan were two of the U.S.'s ""closest allies in the global war on terrorism"".  Police are now investigating whether the French people were the intended targets.  Officials from France's Department of Defense said they had not received any threats against French citizens.  In Paris, a French Defense Ministry official was asked if France suspected the al Qaeda terrorist organization was linked to the explosion. The official said he would not rule that out, but he added it was too soon to say.  A U.S. official said Wednesday that while the bombing was ""not necessarily"" the work of the terrorist group al Qaeda, Pakistani radical groups typically have not used bus bombings as a method of attack.  ""There hasn't been a car or bus bombing in Pakistan in years,"" the official said, adding that Pakistani extremists usually use small arms, grenades, or small explosives.  ""This one was quite sizable,"" the official said.  He added that the possibility that it was a suicide bombing also separated the attack from most other terrorist attacks in Pakistan.  The U.S. official said there appeared to be a ""growing extremism"" in Pakistan over President Pervez Musharraf's cooperation with the United States in the war on terrorism.  ""This was likely an attack on Pakistan,"" the official said.  Many Pakistanis have criticized Musharraf's willingness to aid the U.S. in its effort to remove the Taliban regime and al Qaeda, blamed for the September 11 attacks, from neighboring Afghanistan.  ""At this time, we are strongly warning Americans not to go to Pakistan,"" a U.S. State Department official said, adding that Americans living there should consider leaving the country.  Police believe a car bomb detonated in a vehicle parked near the bus outside the Karachi Sheraton Hotel.  Submarine project Police and bomb disposal squad examine the site of the blast Police and bomb disposal squad examine the site of the blast	  The bus had picked up a group of French workers at another hotel before stopping at the Sheraton, Karachi Police Inspector Gen. Syed Kamal Shah said.  The bomb shattered windows in two nearby hotels in the upscale Karachi neighborhood and caused a crater in the road.  French President Jacques Chirac condemned the attack and announce he was sending newly appointed Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie to Karachi.  Officials in the French Defense Ministry said most of the victims were part of a group of French engineers constructing a submarine for Pakistan as part of a joint naval project.  Two French officials were traveling to Karachi to bring home the bodies of the 11 construction engineers.  The French have built one submarine and are working on two others under a 1994 contract between the French Defense Ministry's Direction de Construction Naval and Pakistan.  Not unusual Only a few of the original 38-member team will remain in Pakistan.  Bomb blasts are not unusual in Karachi, which is torn by religious and political strife.  In March, a grenade attack on a church near the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad left five people dead, including two Americans -- the wife and daughter of a U.S. diplomat.  Recently, a series of bomb blasts injured a dozen people following last week's referendum granting Musharraf another five years in power.  Karachi is also where Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl was kidnapped and later killed earlier this year."
"U.S. Navy SEAL killed near Kandahar March 28, 2002 Posted: 1:15 PM EST (1815 GMT) Chief Petty Officer Matthew J. Bourgeois	   (CNN) -- The U.S. Central Command confirmed on Thursday that a member of U.S. Special Operations was killed and another service member was wounded by an explosion of enemy munitions outside Kandahar, Afghanistan.  The dead man was a Navy SEAL identified as Chief Petty Officer Matthew J. Bourgeois, 35, from Tallahassee, Florida.  Bourgeois was serving as a hospital corpsman. He became the 31st military death in the U.S.-led war on terror.  The second victim's identity has not yet been released, but his wounds were not life-threatening, officials Thursday told CNN.    The explosion, at around 11 p.m. EST on Wednesday, was apparently triggered by someone stepping on what officials described as an ""enemy ground-placed munition,"" at a site southeast of Kandahar.  Officials say they are not sure if the victims stepped on a land mine or a piece of unexploded ground ordnance. The accident happened at a site where U.S. troops are trained in the removal and neutralization of munitions such as land mines."
