Ive used PC since I could remember. I decided to upgrade, and I dont regret it. This laptop is so tiny but an absolute powerhouse of machinery. The speed is impeccable, and the overall performance is even better. I can easily run Photoshop, Netflix & Google Chrome with 5 open tabs and the laptop does NOT heat up or slow down. It stays cool and runs as if the applications werent in use at all. I dont use other apps besides Facebook messenger, which might be the reason why the laptop otherwise has a lot of give. Expensive, but Im not disappointed. The only CON I can think of is the webcam. Absolute trash. In 2020 theres no reason why the webcam should  be this bad, and for the price were paying, we see better quality webcams in PCs today. Apple has no reason not to do better in terms of the camera.
Three weeks in. Mac user since 1994. Badly wishing I purchased another laptop for work. Apple ... not sure whats happened with your products. My last two iPhones have infested with bugginess. Now this MacBook Air. Bought the MacBook Air as a light-weight machine for light work. I am a consultant, and this is my work computer. Heres what I use daily: Two 17W external monitors, a USB external drive, Chrome, Zoom, and Office 365 through web browser. This MacBook Air 2020 cannot handle the above. Can you believe that? If youre in the same boat as me, do not buy this machine. My productivity has tanked. Multiple times a week I must stop working, pinpoint problem, and hunt and hunt for an easy resolution. Today I am stopping work to write a review. Yet again problems with inadequate resolutions or none. Since purchasing 3 weeks ago, Ive lost productivity 2-3 times a week (twice I lost over two hours) trying to figure out:1 (and most importantly). Why does the fan run continuously LOUD? Apple resolution: None. Apple doesnt acknowledge the problem let alone a flaw in its design. Researching reviews from other MacBook Air 2020 owners show running Chrome uses up ALL the MacBook Airs processing power. The processor overheats and on goes the fan. With 5 tabs open or tabs plus another application open, the fan powers on full force and Chrome often crashes. The MacBook Air owners resolution? Dont use Chrome. Need or want Chrome? Buy a third-party app to decrease processing speed. Need processing speed to work? Umm, well, buy a different computer, I guess? I prefer Chrome because clients often use Google products. Chromes Inspect Element is the best browser tool out there. Interesting part: All the publication previews and reviews said MacBook Air 2020 could run Chrome with 30 tabs without a problem! Search the internet for us real MacBook Air 2020 purchasers and users. There are so many other problems in three weeks of use...2. Why bootup is so incredibly slow. Apple resolution: Bootup with a simple 250GB external drive plugged in to a mini dock sucks too much power from Mac. What?3. Why configuring external screens is difficult. Apple resolution: The shell of a Mac positioned directly below a monitor should  be kept closed. What?4. Why my mini dock can only power two external monitors (17W consumption per monitor) but not with a simple USB external drive. Apple solution: Buy a separately powered dock. Okay, how much money do I need to spend on buying and trying accessories? In the past a Mac would tell you if an accessory was using too much power. This MacBook Air does not.5. Why after I put the Mac to sleep, the laptop awakes on external screens after I close the shell. Apple resolution: Keep the Mac shell closed always. What?6. Why the dock cannot be locked to one screen. Apple resolution: None. In buying a work laptop, I should  have considered all my Apple problems in the last 10-15 years. should  have stuck to my gut and switched to PC.
After reading a couple reviews about the front camera Ive come to find out that this is a common issue with MacBook coming from amazon and the support for this issue they offer is not any good
I dont like that I paid all this money and it hasnt been a good month and they closed the return window Im having so many problems with this its crazy freezes all the time you cant power it off the cursor gets stuck and wont respond...Bluetooth doesnt work I guess thats why they close the return window so early but doesnt tell you about the return before you purchase it ...I need my laptop to work its fir my business and if I cant get into my files when I need it whats the point
I was so excited to buy this computer! I had a mac from 2004-2012, and I loved that machine. It was a tank!  However, this from the moment I opened the box was a huge letdown. This is just my personal preference, but it feels so delicate, and like Im going to break it at any moment. I automatically knew I was going to need a case for it.  The second thing that shocked me was how hot the bottom of the machine got almost instantly. Just surfing the internet caused it to heat up way more than my 5-year-old Acer laptop (that barely turns on most days.) Thirdly, this thing gets loud! And thats just from watching videos while doing some very basic work. Its not the Macs of old that I remembered and loved, and I decided it just wasnt worth the expense to have something I wasnt 100% happy with.
The machine looked good. I liked the darker gray. It was faster than my older MacBook Air. (E.g. 3-times faster on shut-down.) I was disappointed that battery life wasnt improved. I was dismayed that they had an entirely different connection for the charger. They replaced the magnet connector, making it possible, once again, to trip on the cord and bring the computer smashing to the ground. I also missed the status light that, on the old connector, would tell you briefly whether it was connected to power, if it was charging, and when the computer was charged. I had to buy an adaptor to use my old chargers with the new unit. I missed the RS-232 connector. I had to buy an adaptor before I could use my external back-up drives. Transferring data from my Time Machine was a pain. The MacOS on my old computer was newer than on the new one so nothing could happen until I updated the OS on the new computer. (Transferring content from the old computer to the new should  be easier. And in the past, it was much easier.) The finger-print reader was much more hit-and-miss than on my iPhone. Its still probably the best light-weight lap-top on the planet.
Decades working in Information technology, and an IT security professional, and the primary machines I want to work from are Apple laptops.  I grew tired of IT managers issuing me PCs, so I just bought my own MacBook Air, and $#1, I should  have done this 5 years ago.  Better machine, fast Unix based OS, my Linux virtual machines run better, no more messing with an OS that has held Microsoft programmers back because they need to be compatible with decades of poorly written old Windows apps.. Bye Windows, your messes & complexity provided a tech like me jobs for many years, but now you will only exist in my life as a virtual machine running on my Mac.  Love, Joe
I dont even know where to begin. The first night I received this laptop I desperately needed the scan-record feature for an assignment for work. It failed each time I tried. Then I happened to touch the screen when I adjusted it forward one evening. Not even 5 minutes after, the screen started glitching and wouldnt stop until I rebooted it. It has done that SEVERAL times since then. One afternoon, I was watching YouTube and the sound randomly went out. It also often restarts on its own. And now, it is incapable of remaining connected to my Wi-Fi, even though Ive remained connected on my work computer (an ANCIENT Lenovo ThinkPad) all night. I called Apple and the woman walked me through a soft reset as if that were going to solve ALL the problems Ive had with this computer. I am beyond disappointed in this purchase and I WILL be calling them again in a few hours so that we can find some sort of resolution. OH, and heed the warnings about quality of the webcam. They should  be ashamed of what they threw into this machine.
I just got mine in the mail today it was supposed to come yesterday but it wasnt amazons fault it was ups but overall I am happy its so lite and I love the keyboard the only thing I dislike is that it only has 2 ports on the side but Im going to order the connecters today so I can plug my speakers and other things up overall its worth the money and def get apple care because you never know what could happen Im so excited I have all apple products my last Mac that I got was in 2015 Apple did a great job with this Mac air
This is the 5th MacBook Ive owned over the years & by far the best one yet! Its quite a bit smaller than the original 13 MacBook Air & has been a pure joy to use. I have no complaints at all.
I requested a Gold laptop but got a Rose one. The sticker at the bottom of the box states it is Gold, but the picture on the top of the box shows a Rose laptop. Is this a Chinese joke on us? The laptop works great, but I was expecting the Gold laptop I requested! Do I color blind?
I originally received the wrong Item, so I just got the replacement today. Bought this for my sister to work remotely. She likes the design of it, but it is kind of sluggish out of box. Will see how it performs after updating. 4 stars rating for now.
Old timer who has used every version of Windows from DOS to version 10. Finally grew weary of the endless updates. The last one took over eight hours. The next morning, there were four more, and another one the next day. Meantime, I couldnt use my laptop for writing due to the bagginess with background downloads. I love my iPad and finally bit the bullet. I couldnt be happier. My new 256gb MacBook Air is what Windows should  be. Im not an Apple fanboy, but I sure am a fan. At least so far. LOL
It came 3 days early, brand new, in box, Apple box sealed as well. Couldnt be happier with the new design.
You dont want this MacBook Air.  The camera is terrible.  I bought it to replace my 2015 MacBook Air and that camera is WAY better.
This is a great computer especially for being used and not the newest gen. It has minor problems like it would glitch our when I would open my google drive and that was pretty much my purpose for buying this computer but there are other ways to get around it.  The battery life lasts longer than expected but it goes semi fast once its below 50%.  I was a little disappointed with the camera quality but its not too bad. The mic works well so far. I am really impressed tph!!
I bought this for my granddaughters high school graduation, and she picked it out.  Shes very pleased with it and will use it in college.  I have a similar one thats a couple of years older model and I like it.  Its an adjustment going from Windows to Mac, but not bad.  No complaints so far.
I made the mistake of ordering this laptop online and then I tried to get into a store to get help in transferring my data from my old computer to my new computer.  It was so much aggravation that I wanted to return this computer.  It took almost a month to finally complete this simple task.
MacBook was super light, MacBook is super powerful with a little extra weight, why Apple killed MacBook and continued apple Air? not light, not powerful, not super cheap, do not get it, sorry
I read things about noise and overheating but not with this one.  Works great excellent display processor works fast on code projects Ive been doing.  I dont use the camera feature that much so cant comment on that I import images if needed.  I would recommend.  I have a surface as well and use them in tandem for programming classes.
This is a great laptop. I dont know if its worth the inflated price, but I feel that way about all Apple products. However. It works well and perfectly integrates w iPhone, iPad, and iWatch. My daughter loves in and does her school from it, but I know other kids using Chromebooks successfully at a fraction of the cost. Apple knows how to keep one in the universe and pile up tons of cash.
I knew Apple left the same camera but the quality on this model is horrible. Fuzzy image no matter what you do. Also, the fan runs constantly even with just a few windows open. We returned and bought a refurbished 2015 model and its fantastic.
Is this grainy camera performance truly the quality of the new MacBook AIR 2020?  I cannot for the life of me believe an almost $1,000 product has such a subpar camera currently of teleconferences and ZOOM/Facetime needs.  What is going on?  Super unacceptable. After researching to see if others had this same complaint it is very common
I am a life-long PC person (why?). This machine is for my Apple-oriented spouse and I am jealous. The first week of usage has been flawless. Big caveat: Be sure that the 13 screen produces text, etc., that is large enough for you to read.
Sometimes the trackpad resets on its own. Sometimes I put it to sleep and it wakes itself up. Also, the UBS C power cable port does not fit without effort.  do love it for its lightness, fastness, screen quality, battery life and color. A
I have had a MacBook Air for 10 plus years.  This one has a battery life of 3 hours MAX - dead on arrival.  The old one would last a day.  Changes the game when you need electricity all the time.
Honestly, Amazon is the only place where I could buy the Mac, brand new and for less, because where I live the computer was over the $1,300 and thats without the taxes. I love the laptop. The only think I am a little displeased with the camera, the quality is just bad, you have great sound, but with the pictures and video, is just bad, is like they used the camera resolution of an iPad 2. That bad it is. The rest is great.
This updated MacBook Air is slightly smaller and much lighter than previous model but still has the same size screen. I love the USB-C ports and how versatile they are. The fingerprint password is very convenient, too.
I love all my other Apple products, but I purchased this less than 3 months ago and it will no longer power on. No fans running, no battery signal. Just a black screen. When I took in for repairs, they said they have seen this happen a lot with this model. :/So now Ive been without my computer for over a week to have diagnostics run and repairs completed. It should still be under the 1-year manufacturers warranty, but extremely frustrating since its 2 1/2 months old.
Fast, responsive, sharp images, user friendly, light weight.
Typical great Apple product
I am replacing everything that was made by Microsoft and I am extremely pleased with all five Apple devices, I wish that I had changed about 20 years ago!!!!!!
JUST Beautiful very pleased with a Mac air. I use it for normal use, nothing major. My Mac came brand new, in box. Im in love with it.
Absolutely the best computer on the market
The only reason why I didnt give a 5 out of 5 was because when I got my package the box that was shipped in was destroyed! It was all beat up, and I was thinking I swear to god my computer better not be messed up THEN when I opened all the cardboard the actual APPLE box had a hole in it right where my computer was! Thank god my computer wasnt broken, but amazon please fix the way the packages are handled please.
The item is predictably good as all other Apple products. The laptop is light, easy to carry in a sack or a bag. Ideal for studying.
Excellent packaging for shipping. Came new and it was exactly what I had been looking for. Super-fast, lightweight, and a gorgeous laptop for the money! I have a retail business and a nonprofit, and plan to use this for both.
My son gets good grades with the help of his MacBook.
This is best for my school going friend. I would recommend to anyone who needs a cost-effective solution and value for money.
Ive owned MacBook Airs and Pros, and this is, by far, the worst camera.  Ive had a lot of Zoom meetings with COVID and the picture is grainy and always appears to have low lighting.
Got it in just 3 days. I dont have any problems as of now. I think its normal that the fan was open every time I video call and open a lot of tabs. The noise was kind of loud though. The camera was bad but doesnt really matter I dont use it that much. After I bought it, the price went down kind of upset about that but what else can I do lol
Yep, just add another device to your Apple addiction. This is as good as everything else they make.
I love my new MacBook air in 2020. Im the only problem is no USB ports and plus no real cooling system.
My 15-year-old loves her computer!!  No complaints so far been having it for a few months now, she uses it all day and night!
Great laptop! Comes with a charger cable and plugin. Was delivered very fast. Very light weight compared to my MacBook Pro and iPad Pori look forward to using it daily.
I am very pleased with my computer for now.
Excellent light weight but sturdy!
I got this to replace ones that use Microsoft and I am in love. I have a lot to learn, but Ill figure it out!
the product is terrific
Ive really enjoyed using this model and the battery life has been great for me. My only complaint is the I3 in this thing is slow. Ive had a couple crashes already and this thing is new. Do yourself a favor and pay the extra money for the better processor.
We love it. Makes life easier for us since our lives our in our iPhones
This laptop is great for everyday use. Ive had it for a week and so far, so good. I mainly use my laptop for web browsing, watching videos and working with Microsoft Office. I upgraded from a 2012 MacBook Pro and dont regret purchasing this laptop.
This was a graduation gift for my son and even though its pricey know it will probably last the next 4 years.
Excellent computer for web browsing email word processing etc... great for working at home or a student. not the most powerful machine though so if youre looking to do more intensive tasks such as video editing you may want to look at the MacBook Pro
Great laptop! Super lightweight compared to old Gateway! Beautiful gold color! But camera could be better for the price...way better.
I love it! Just got it yesterday and I love all the features so far. The color is gorgeous as well.
overpriced fan
Bought used in very good condition. Could not find a single scratch or defect on arrival with less than 10 battery cycles. Very happy with it so far. Made the jump from windows and couldnt be happier. Battery lasts all day and screen is crisp.
Good.
Omg good condition I Love it
Love it
This got here 2 days faster than expected. Were thrilled.
Good quality.
It turns out apple doesnt let you use the mac book in hotels or other public places. I understand it could be unsafe...... But that should  me MY OPTION. In other words, apple decided how I can use what a paid for
Great laptop
Amazing! I love it so much, worth buying. Also, it delivered 2 weeks earlier than expected!
This computer is nice and very sleek look. This computer is good for traveling if you are going a long distance because it is very light weight
I really like that mac! comfortable, easy weight... very stylish. I guess worst that price! recommend obviously! Im sure y al enjoy. adore MacBook and sure will buy another! Thanx for great laptop!
Light. Beautiful style and color (golden but look like golden rose). Comfortable keyboard. Touchpad huge enough. Camera could be better
Super pleased with my Mac Air!  No problems!
What I like about it is that it the 2020 Model and that it comes brand new never been open before. And it works perfectly. Cant be more happy
My sister thinks her new MAC is wonderful!
I had the regular MacBook 12-inch from 2014-2015.  This feels much better.  Keyboard is nicer and can do all I need it to do.  Love this thing.
Excellent, but I need someone from customer support to communicate with me please
ITS A GREAT LAPTOP WITH SSDKIND OF PRICEY FOR WHAT YOU GET, BUT THAT APPLES WAY
So far so good, camera is good quality! Fast, and smooth. Satisfied customer thus far! Delivered in a timely fashion & the display is also worth the price
My new MacBook Air is in great shape and I love it!
Excellent product.
MacBook came brand-new in apple packaging. Amazon packaging very good!
ok
Super nice and easy to use.
Everything you would expect from Apple.
Its all I ask for
Its perfect! it arrives in amazing conditions... mac book air looks awesome and works perfectly!
Wow, was working on a HP. Did not realize how much I missed your user-friendly platform!
Bought for our daughters first year of college. Working great so far!
Absolutely loved this Laptop!!
2020 MacBook Refresh with a lower starting price and the new scissor switch keyboard that replaces apples old butterfly keyboards that had many issues. Works great for everyday tasks. It will overheat when given CPU heavy tasks such as video rendering, music production, and photo editing
Certainly  if you have never been an Apple user you may not understand this, but is impressive the possibilities that a slim equipment grants, compact and super practical, although the web camera is mediocre and the screen could be improved. Another problem is that the equipment gets hot when at maximum performance. If you want someone for everyday use, with longevity, practical, and if you have more Apple products this is for you. If you are looking for performance, there are other options in the market with better price.
I splurged a little to get this thing, but I hate it. Almost every day there are compatibility issues, mysteriously deleted files, weak battery, lousy keyboard, confusing UI, and ridiculously high price. I even had to write this review twice because this thing just stopped working. should  have got something else that was cheaper.
I use my computer for work and home. This summer my family and I went on vacation and I had to take work with me. I love the features of this laptop. Light and easy to use. No issues and I have owned it for a year now. Shipping was super-fast. This computer has really checked all the boxes for me. I enjoy using it.
I was so excited to buy a brand-new computer the first time ever in my life. Beautiful packaging and then the other shoe drops...the camera is super grainy. I call apple and they already know that the camera is terrible and will not have a clear picture with natural light... like at home. We are all in shelter in place at home... theres nowhere to go!!I tried returning it and nope there is no option after the 2 weeks... please dont buy this computer... I feel so sad and disappointed with apple. NEVER AGAIN!!!
Bought this for my mother and the laptop is beautiful, works well and she just LOVES it. The laptop also arrived a day earlier than expected! Very happy with this purchase.
Do you like a laptop that gets very hot after you purchased it for $1000? Do you like a laptop that has a very loud and noisy fan, after you have paid $1000 for it? If that is the case, this is a great laptop for you. After two days, I returned mine to Apple and got back my $1000. I used to have the 116, bought it 2014, it had no issues like this.
Overall, this is an excellent computer with the best keyboard (by far) Ive used. The trackpad is amazing, especially if youve grown accustomed to subpar trackpads on windows computers. Apple does the trackpad better than anyone hands down. The speakers are amazing. Ive never heard a laptop with such good sound quality. My work laptop is a giant workstation computer with big speakers, and it cant even come close to the MBA. It is a snappy computer with everything I need for personal computer usage. in a word: perfection.
I bought this and immediate wanted to return because of bad camera quality. The 720p FaceTime HD camera is worse than my MacBook Air 2015. I returned it and got refund, however, they charged me $180 restocking fee. I am not happy about it at all.
The thunderbolt plugs require an adapter for jump drives external hard drives, HDMI screen and ds cards. When you plug in the adapters the internet stops working.  Im so sick of computer companies installing work only on our machine features.  No more macs for me.
I brought my daughter it for her birthday and she lived it and she is going to use it for school, and she said that the fingerprint is gray, and the camera dont trust other reviews
Slow Processor, Roblox Running Lowest Settings at 9 fps, Constant Zoom Crashes. Worst Computer Ever
