"Last Updated: Tuesday, 25 May, 2004, 16:18 GMT 17:18 UK  Abu Ghraib: Dark stain on Iraq's past  US troops in Abu Ghraib, 22 April 2003 (Photo: BBC/Martin Asser) US troops inspect a mass grave after taking control of Abu Ghraib in April 2003 Abu Ghraib prison lurks behind high walls and brooding watchtowers on the main highway west of Baghdad.  A square kilometer of hell during Saddam Hussein's horrific rule, it has retained some of its malevolence since US forces took over the facility, two weeks after toppling the Iraqi regime.  The huge prison complex was built by Western contractors in the 1960s.  The size of a small town, the area was divided into five separate walled compounds for different types of prisoners.  By the fall of the regime in 2003 these compounds were designated for foreign prisoners, long sentences, short sentences, capital crimes and ""special"" crimes.  	  I saw three guards beat a man to death with sticks and cables. When they got tired, the guards would switch with other guards Yehiye Ahmed But there is little doubt that the Baathist regime used it as a vast holding tank for enemies and ""undesirables"", who were incarcerated, tortured and executed at the leisure of Saddam's security enforcers.  In contrast to the US occupation, there are no Saddam-era photographs from inside Abu Ghraib - but human rights agencies have numerous accounts of the violations witnessed there.  Amnesty International reports give some idea of the scale of the brutality - though researchers admit to being unable to provide a full picture because of the regime's secrecy.  1994 - More than 150 detainees executed over two days in January 1996 - Hundreds of opposition group members executed in November   1998 - 60 people executed in June, mostly detainees from 1991 Shia uprising 1999 - At least 100 prisoners executed on 12 October 2001 - 23 political prisoners, mainly Shia Muslims, executed in October In addition to the mass executions, detainees were subjected to extreme torture - including the use of electric shocks, drills and lighted cigarettes on the body; the extraction of fingernails, beatings, mock executions and threats to rape detainees' relatives.  Local resident Yehiye Ahmed was quoted in April 2003 recalling the constant sound of prisoners' screams over the prison walls. He said he witnessed atrocities when he entered the compound to sell sandwiches and cigarettes.  ""I saw three guards beat a man to death with sticks and cables. When they got tired, the guards would switch with other guards. I could only watch for a minute without getting caught, but I heard the screams, and it went on for an hour,"" he told the US publication Newsweek.  Bizarre decoration  It is reported that about 15,000 detainees were held at Abu Ghraib, most of them kept in row-upon-row of one- or two-story cellblocks.  Mural at Abu Ghraib jail (Photo: BBC/Martin Asser) Prison mural showing Palestinians celebrating as Saddam decapitates ""Zionist snake"" Each block was as spartan as could be expected, with a dining room, prayer room, exercise area and rudimentary washing facilities.  The cells were horribly overcrowded, with up to 40 people in a space four meters by four.  The only decoration to break the drab oppressiveness of the surroundings was the bizarre adulatory portraits of Saddam Hussein and inscriptions of his ""words of wisdom"".  Pictures showed him liberating Palestine and benevolently presiding over grandiose infrastructure projects in Iraq, while the inscriptions urged prisoners to maintain hygiene and be loyal to the Arab nation.  Perhaps the most bitterly ironic image, given the benighted nature of his regime, was the monumental portrait at the main gate.  A smiling Saddam in business suit and Islamic architectural backdrop subtitled: ""There is no life without the Sun and no dignity without Saddam"".  New regime  By chance, while reporting for BBC News Online, I was at Abu Ghraib on 22 April 2003, the very day that US military police arrived to take over the facility after the fall of the regime.  It had been only lightly looted, vandalism mainly, and the MPs - reservists led by a colonel from Florida - were there to secure the location ""as a possible center for operations"".  Section for Abu Ghraib prisoners at Karkh Islamic Cemetery (photo: BBC/Martin Asser) Hundreds of victims of Abu Ghraib were buried in numbered graves at a nearby cemetery Neither the colonel nor I had any idea that this little-known remnant of an ugly past was destined to become one of the most vivid and memorable locations of the ""new"" Iraq.  The American troops knew neither the name nor the past function of the set of map co-ordinates they had been given. I remember wondering whether they weren't sending the wrong message to Iraqis by installing themselves in the very heart of the darkness of Saddam's regime.  To underline the point, as the MPs fanned out through compound, we stumbled across the remains of probably the last victims of Saddam's Abu Ghraib nightmare.  Near the foreigners' section there was a half-buried, three-week old corpse - one of about 20 inmates apparently shot at the prison as the regime teetered on the brink of collapse.  Almost farcically, the commanding officer declared the site a ""crime scene"" and ordered the arrest of half a dozen local civilian police who had been sent by their commander to liaise with the US soldiers.  US abuses  In the months that followed, Abu Ghraib jail has been re-designated as the Baghdad Central Detention Center, now holding up to 5,000 Iraqis detained by US forces for a variety of offences.  Until recently, detainees were mainly kept in two tented areas - camps Vigilant and Ganci. These were replaced in May 2004 by Camp Avalanche, built on concrete to reduce the dust problem.  	 Abu Ghraib abuse picture (AP Photo/Courtesy of The New Yorker)  Under the dictator Abu Ghraib was a symbol of death and torture. That same prison became a symbol of disgraceful conduct by a few American troops George W Bush  Flashback: Abu Ghraib visit Other infamous prisons There is also the Hard Site, the Americans' name for the old cellblock complexes refurbished to US military specifications.  It is here that troublesome inmates and more serious cases are sent, and whereby all accounts the infamous abuses took place and photographs taken.  Haydar Sabbar Abed has identified himself as one of the victims of US torture.  He told the BBC he was arrested for not carrying his ID card and he was taken to Abu Ghraib's Hard Site after having a fight with an Iraqi prison employee in one of the tent camps.  ""They cut off our clothes and... told us to masturbate towards this female soldier. But we didn't agree to do it, so they beat us,"" he said.  ""They made us act like dogs, putting leashes around our necks. They'd whistle and we'd have to bark like dogs. We thought they were going to kill us"".  Apparently, an intrinsic part of the abuse was to take photographs of the humiliated prisoners, which is how the scandal has come to light.  The coalition has put the abuse down to the work of a ""few bad apples"" who do not represent the US army.  Critics say the prison guards must have been acting on higher authority and claim it was a routine used to soften up prisoners for interrogation, but this has been denied by the coalition.  Now, as Washington struggles to patch up its battered policies in Iraq after the prison scandal and as the anti-US insurgency continues unabated, President George W Bush has promised to demolish Abu Ghraib ""as a fitting symbol of Iraq's new beginning"".  The announcement drew enthusiastic applause from the assembled top brass at the US Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. But many Iraqis have spent the last year wondering why Abu Ghraib wasn't torn down long ago.  We asked if you thought Abu Ghraib should be closed and demolished?  Your comments:  It probably should be torn down, albeit a little late. At this point it's just a ploy by the president. I think that the president is now on a mission of damage control. It appears that the recent events there will yet again be covered up by the US government whose official comment anytime anything happens is ""we didn't do it"", ""it wasn't us"". As bad as it was, it's a good thing that pictures were taken so that my government could not say yet again, it's just a rumor. Brian M, USA, WA  	  It should be kept as a reminder of America's double talk Astra Chang, Trinidad Abu Ghraib is a potent reminder of what can happen when people dehumanize and hate one another. I do not believe for a second that the US soldiers were acting independently, and it should be kept as a reminder of America's double talk. Why should I believe anything they now say? Astra Chang, Trinidad, West Indies  I think the Abu Ghraib should be closed down but preserved so that this horrendous history of maltreatment and their victims will not be forgotten. Gas chambers by the Nazis and the site of Hiroshima nuclear bombing are preserved for these purposes, and hopefully the site of Abu Ghraib will continue to remind people that violence resolves nothing. Miwa, Chicago, US  No, not demolished, for to demolish is to forget. Abu Ghraib should be severely dismantled, like the castles of England Cromwell ""slighted,"" so that it cannot be used as a prison again. But part of it must be saved as a warning to ourselves and to future generations. Don't pave over a symbol of shame for Iraqis and Americans alike. Even so, I don't expect the US administration to promote the memory of its own mistakes. Clinton Crowley, Fort Worth, Texas, US  Abu Ghraib should definitely be shut down because it was a symbol of Saddam's tyranny. By using Abu Ghraib, the US has also unfortunately tied itself to that prison's dark legacy. Omair Saadat, Stanford, CA, USA  Abu Ghraib prison is an icon of cruelty against the humanity whether it is under USA or Saddam. Why somebody need a prison wall when the whole country is a prison - only the prison guards has changed. Hussain Chirathodi, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia  	  This land should be left barren Bo Arnold, Columbus Yes! This prison and all of the prisoner/human rights abuses that it has stood for should be demolished. This land should be left barren to finally give the tortured souls a chance to seek their peace. Bo Arnold, Columbus, USA  My first thought was to definitely destroy the prison, erase it from history. But then I thought of the concentration camps. We cannot erase history. Forever this prison will be a symbol of Saddam's regime and now it is also a symbol of the torture at the hands of the American soldiers. It should be preserved and memorialized so that we can visit with our kids and show them how horrible human beings can be to one another. Carrie, Lincoln, Nebraska, USA  It should be transformed into a mausoleum for those who perished under tyranny everywhere for generations to come. Shakib Ahsan, Oklahoma  No! It should not be torn down. It should be made a memorial to the atrocities of both Saddam Hussein, the US and UK Army. Rakesh Jain, Edison, USA  No I do not think it should be demolished, especially if it is to make way to a new prison. Why spend money to remove a jail just to erect a new one when that same money could be used elsewhere... say in opening up a new school. A prison is meant for criminals. Abu Ghraib housed many innocents. Maybe if it is used for what it was built for people would not object. But it is dumb to think that destroying it and erecting a new one would somehow make the memories all better. Rau, India"
"Last Updated: Thursday, 18 December, 2003, 05:21 GMT   Iran 'owed billions for Saddam war' An Iraqi tank in an unidentified street during the Iran-Iraq war The Iran-Iraq war claimed the lives of about one million people The head of Iraq's Interim Governing Council says Iran should be paid reparations for the war that Saddam Hussein waged against it in the 1980s. Abdul Aziz al-Hakim said further discussion was needed to decide what if anything Iraq would pay itself.  Iran claims $100bn in reparations for the brutal eight-year war that claimed about one million lives.  Mr. Hakim's remarks may augur improving Iran-Iraq relations now Saddam Hussein is in custody.  The prominent Iraqi is also the head of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq (Sciri) the most important Shia Muslim party represented on the governing council.  Sciri has close ties with Tehran, where the party was based during Saddam Hussein's years in power.  Analysts say that with Iraq's Shia majority likely to dominate in any future democratic government, it is logical that Baghdad should now develop warmer relations with its Shia neighbors in Iran.  Mustard gas  In 1980, after a series of border skirmishes following Iran's Islamic revolution, Iraq invaded Iran.  	  According to the UN, Iran deserves reparations. She must be satisfied. Abdul Aziz al-Hakim  On this day: Iraq bombs Iran The ensuing war claimed the lives of at least one million people and during the conflict, Iraq used nerve gas against the Iranians.  The Iranian Government is preparing a comprehensive complaint against Saddam Hussein for ""crimes"" against the Islamic republic, calling for the captured former Iraqi leader to be tried before an international court.  Some Iranian observers say the US should also be in the dock with Saddam Hussein, as Washington supported him at the time of the war.  An estimated 20,000 Iranians were killed by Iraqi mustard gas or by nerve agents during the conflict.  Death penalty  Iran points out that Kuwait has already received billions of dollars through the UN's Iraqi oil-for-food program in compensation for the invasion of that country.  Saddam Hussein pictured shaved after his arrest Mr. Hakim said Saddam Hussein would be tried in Iraq Mr. Hakim said: ""According to the UN, Iran deserves reparations. She must be satisfied. Whether we will pay or not is something which we need to discuss further.""  The council leader was speaking after talks with UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw in London.  Mr. Hakim also told a news conference that Saddam Hussein would be tried in a special Iraqi court.  International monitors could observe the trial, which would take global legal standards into account, Mr. Hakim added.  He did not say whether the former Iraqi president, captured at the weekend, would face the death penalty.  ""[Saddam Hussein] will be tried and after that we will do what the judge and the court will decide"", Mr. Hakim told reporters.  Just days before Saddam Hussein's capture, the Iraqi council announced that a tribunal would be set up to try members of the former regime.  Saddam 'still in Iraq'  Speculation over the ousted leader's whereabouts has been intense since his capture on Saturday near his hometown of Tikrit. The US military has only said that Saddam Hussein is being held at ""an undisclosed location"" in Iraq.  Council member Mowaffaq al-Rubaie told reporters: ""Saddam Hussein is present in an area of greater Baghdad... God willing... he will be tried in Iraq in public by an Iraqi court.""  He was responding to media reports that had suggested that Saddam Hussein had been flown to the Gulf state of Qatar.  On Wednesday Arab League officials said a fact-finding delegation, headed by Assistant Secretary General Ahmad Bin Heley, would leave for Iraq on Thursday.  The team will meet Council members, visit mass graves and discuss human rights violations by the former regime."
"Last Updated: Monday, 17 May, 2004, 15:50 GMT 16:50 UK  'Nerve gas bomb' explodes in Iraq Rockets filled with sarin in Iraq after the Gulf War Rockets filled with sarin were destroyed in Iraq after the Gulf War An artillery shell containing a small amount of the nerve gas sarin has exploded in Iraq. Brig Gen Mark Kimmitt said the blast had caused a small release of the substance and two people had been treated for exposure to the agent.  The substance was found in a shell inside a bag discovered by a US convoy a few days ago, he said.  It appears to be the first evidence of nerve gas existing in Iraq since the start of the US-led war last year.  'Limited effect'  The 155mm artillery round had been set up as a roadside bomb and it exploded before the US military were able to defuse it.  	 DEADLY SARIN Invented in 1930s Germany 20 times deadlier than cyanide Attacks nervous system Pin head-sized drop can kill Used in Iraq in 1980s And in 1995 Japan subway attack Antidotes are available  Q&A: Sarin Bomb reopens WMD debate Gen Kimmitt said the dispersal of the nerve agent from a device such as the homemade bomb was ""limited"".  ""The former regime had declared all such rounds destroyed before the 1991 Gulf War,"" he said.  However, a senior coalition source has told the BBC the round does not signal the discovery of weapons of mass destruction or the escalation of insurgent activity.  He said the round dated back to the Iran-Iraq war and coalition officials were not sure whether the fighters even knew what it contained.  Sarin is a toxic nerve gas 20 times as deadly as cyanide.  A drop the size of a pin-head can kill a person by effectively crippling their nervous system.  The gas is one of a group of nerve agents invented by German scientists in the 1930s as part of Adolf Hitler's preparations for World War II.  Although the Germans never released sarin in battle, it was used to lethal effect by Iraq during the 1980s both in the war against Iran and against the Kurds.  After the Gulf War, United Nations inspectors found large quantities of sarin in production at an Iraqi chemical weapons plant.  The Japanese doomsday cult, Aum Shinrikyo, also used the nerve agent in a Tokyo subway in 1995, in which 12 people died. "
"Last Updated: Friday, 5 March, 2004, 12:23 GMT  Blair terror speech in full Here is the full text of Tony Blair's speech spelling out the terror threat facing the UK and defending the Iraq war. No decision I have ever made in politics has been as divisive as the decision to go to war to in Iraq. It remains deeply divisive today.  I know a large part of the public want to move on. Rightly they say the Government should concentrate on the issues that elected us in 1997: the economy, jobs, living standards, health, education, crime.  I share that view, and we are. But I know too that the nature of this issue over Iraq, stirring such bitter emotions as it does, can't just be swept away as ill-fitting the pre-occupations of the man and woman on the street.  Real threat  This is not simply because of the gravity of war; or the continued engagement of British troops and civilians in Iraq; or even because of reflections made on the integrity of the prime minister.  It is because it was in March 2003 and remains my fervent view that the nature of the global threat we face in Britain and round the world is real and existential and it is the task of leadership to expose it and fight it, whatever the political cost; and that the true danger is not to any single politician's reputation, but to our country if we now ignore this threat or erase it from the agenda in embarrassment at the difficulties it causes.  In truth, the fundamental source of division over Iraq is not over issues of trust or integrity, though some insist on trying to translate it into that.  Each week brings a fresh attempt to get a new angle that can prove it was all a gigantic conspiracy. We have had three inquiries, including the one by Lord Hutton conducted over six months, with more openness by government than any such inquiry in history, that have affirmed there was no attempt to falsify intelligence in the dossier of September 2002, but rather that it was indeed an accurate summary of that intelligence.  45 minutes claim  We have seen one element - intelligence about some WMD being ready for use in 45 minutes - elevated into virtually the one fact that persuaded the nation into war.  This intelligence was mentioned by me once in my statement to the House of Commons on 24 September and not mentioned by me again in any debate. It was mentioned by no-one in the crucial debate on 18 March 2003.  In the period from 24 September to 29 May, the date of the BBC broadcast on it, it was raised twice in almost 40,000 written parliamentary questions in the House of Commons; and not once in almost 5,000 oral questions.  Neither was it remotely the basis for the claim that Saddam had strategic as well as battlefield WMD. That was dealt with in a different part of the dossier; and though the Iraq Survey Group have indeed not found stockpiles of weapons, they have uncovered much evidence about Saddam's program to develop long-range strategic missiles in breach of UN rules.  Previous fears  It is said we claimed Iraq was an imminent threat to Britain and was preparing to attack us.  In fact this is what I said prior to the war on 24 September 2002: ""Why now? People ask. I agree I cannot say that this month or next, even this year or next he will use his weapons.""  Then, for example, in January 2003 in my press conference I said: ""And I tell you honestly what my fear is, my fear is that we wake up one day and we find either that one of these dictatorial states has used weapons of mass destruction - and Iraq has done so in the past - and we get sucked into a conflict, with all the devastation that would cause; or alternatively these weapons, which are being traded right round the world at the moment, fall into the hands of these terrorist groups, these fanatics who will stop at absolutely nothing to cause death and destruction on a mass scale.  ""Now that is what I have to worry about. And I understand of course why people think it is a very remote threat and it is far away and why does it bother us. Now I simply say to you, it is a matter of time unless we act and take a stand before terrorism and weapons of mass destruction come together, and I regard them as two sides of the same coin.""  UN role  The truth is, as was abundantly plain in the motion before the House of Commons on 18 March, we went to war to enforce compliance with UN Resolutions.  Had we believed Iraq was an imminent direct threat to Britain, we would have acted in September 2002; we would not have gone to the UN.  Instead, we spent October and November in the UN negotiating UN Resolution 1441. We then spent almost 4 months trying to implement it.  Actually, it is now apparent from the Survey Group that Iraq was indeed in breach of UN Resolution 1441. It did not disclose laboratories and facilities it should have; nor the teams of scientists kept together to retain their WMD including nuclear expertise; nor its continuing research relevant to chemical weapons and biological weapons.  As Dr Kay, the former head of the ISG who is now quoted as a critic of the war has said: ""Iraq was in clear violation of the terms of Resolution 1441"". And ""I actually think this [Iraq] may be one of those cases where it was even more dangerous than we thought.""  Then, most recently is the attempt to cast doubt on the attorney general's legal opinion. He said the war was lawful.  He published a statement on the legal advice. It is said this opinion is disputed. Of course it is. It was disputed in March 2003. It is today.  The lawyers continue to divide over it - with their legal opinions bearing a remarkable similarity to their political view of the war.  But let's be clear. Once this row dies down, another will take its place and then another and then another.  Diversion  All of it in the end is an elaborate smokescreen to prevent us seeing the real issue: which is not a matter of trust but of judgement. The real point is that those who disagree with the war, disagree fundamentally with the judgement that led to war.  What is more, their alternative judgement is both entirely rational and arguable. Kosovo, with ethnic cleansing of ethnic Albanians, was not a hard decision for most people; nor was Afghanistan after the shock of September 11; nor was Sierra Leone.  Iraq in March 2003 was an immensely difficult judgement. It was divisive because it was difficult. I have never disrespected those who disagreed with the decision.  Sure, some were anti-American; some against all wars. But there was a core of sensible people who faced with this decision would have gone the other way, for sensible reasons.  Their argument is one I understand totally. It is that Iraq posed no direct, immediate threat to Britain; and that Iraq's WMD, even on our own case, was not serious enough to warrant war, certainly without a specific UN resolution mandating military action. And they argue: Saddam could, in any event, be contained.  In other words, they disagreed then and disagree now fundamentally with the characterization of the threat.  Weapons evidence  We were saying this is urgent; we have to act; the opponents of war thought it wasn't. And I accept, incidentally, that however abhorrent and foul the regime and however relevant that was for the reasons I set out before the war, for example in Glasgow in February 2003, regime change alone could not be and was not our justification for war. Our primary purpose was to enforce UN resolutions over Iraq and WMD.  Of course the opponents are boosted by the fact that though we know Saddam had WMD; we haven't found the physical evidence of them in the 11 months since the war. But in fact, everyone thought he had them. That was the basis of UN Resolution 1441.  It's just worth pointing out that the search is being conducted in a country twice the land mass of the UK, which David Kay's interim report in October 2003 noted, contains 130 ammunition storage areas, some covering an area of 50 square miles, including some 600,000 tons of artillery shells, rockets and other ordnance, of which only a small proportion have as yet been searched in the difficult security environment that exists.  Passion  But the key point is that it is the threat that is the issue.  The characterization of the threat is where the difference lies. Here is where I feel so passionately that we are in mortal danger of mistaking the nature of the new world in which we live.  Everything about our world is changing: its economy, its technology, its culture, its way of living.  If the 20th century scripted our conventional way of thinking, the 21st century is unconventional in almost every respect.  This is true also of our security.  The threat we face is not conventional. It is a challenge of a different nature from anything the world has faced before. It is to the world's security, what globalization is to the world's economy.  It was defined not by Iraq but by September 11th. September 11th did not create the threat Saddam posed.  But it altered crucially the balance of risk as to whether to deal with it or simply carry on, however imperfectly, trying to contain it.  Let me attempt an explanation of how my own thinking, as a political leader, has evolved during these past few years.  Already, before September 11th the world's view of the justification of military action had been changing.  The only clear case in international relations for armed intervention had been self-defense, response to aggression.  Rationale  But the notion of intervening on humanitarian grounds had been gaining currency. I set this out, following the Kosovo war, in a speech in Chicago in 1999, where I called for a doctrine of international community, where in certain clear circumstances, we do intervene, even though we are not directly threatened.  I said this was not just to correct injustice, but also because in an increasingly inter-dependent world, our self-interest was allied to the interests of others; and seldom did conflict in one region of the world does not contaminate another.  We acted in Sierra Leone for similar reasons, though frankly even if that country had become run by gangsters and murderers and its democracy crushed, it would have been a long time before it impacted on us. But we were able to act to help them and we did.  Extremism fears  So, for me, before September 11th, I was already reaching for a different philosophy in international relations from a traditional one that has held sway since the treaty of Westphalia in 1648; namely that a country's internal affairs are for it and you don't interfere unless it threatens you, or breaches a treaty, or triggers an obligation of alliance.  I did not consider Iraq fitted into this philosophy, though I could see the horrible injustice done to its people by Saddam. However, I had started to become concerned about two other phenomena.  The first was the increasing amount of information about Islamic extremism and terrorism that was crossing my desk. Chechnya was blighted by it. So was Kashmir. Afghanistan was its training ground.  Some 300 people had been killed in the attacks on the USS Cole and US embassies in East Africa.  The extremism seemed remarkably well financed. It was very active. And it was driven not by a set of negotiable political demands, but by religious fanaticism.  The second was the attempts by states - some of them highly unstable and repressive - to develop nuclear weapons programs, CW and BW materiel, and long-range missiles.  What is more, it was obvious that there was a considerable network of individuals and companies with expertise in this area, prepared to sell it.  Bush talks  All this was before September 11th. I discussed the issue of WMD with President Bush at our first meeting in Camp David in February 2001.  But it's in the nature of things that other issues intervene - I was about to fight for re-election - and though it was raised, it was a troubling spectre in the background, not something to arrest our whole attention.  President Bush told me that on September 9th 2001, he had a meeting about Iraq in the White House when he discussed ""smart"" sanctions, changes to the sanctions regime. There was no talk of military action.  September 11th was for me a revelation. What had seemed inchoate came together.  The point about September 11th was not its detailed planning; not its devilish execution; not even, simply, that it happened in America, on the streets of New York. All of this made it an astonishing, terrible and wicked tragedy, a barbaric murder of innocent people.  But what galvanized me was that it was a declaration of war by religious fanatics who were prepared to wage that war without limit. They killed 3000.  But if they could have killed 30,000 or 300,000, they would have rejoiced in it.  The purpose was to cause such hatred between Moslems and the West that a religious jihad became reality; and the world engulfed by it.  Pre-war persuasion  When I spoke to the House of Commons on 14 September 2001 I said: ""We know, that they [the terrorists] would, if they could, go further and use chemical, biological, or even nuclear weapons of mass destruction.  ""We know, also, that there are groups of people, occasionally states, who will trade the technology and capability of such weapons. It is time that this trade was exposed, disrupted, and stamped out.  ""We have been warned by the events of 11 September, and we should act on the warning.""  From September 11th on, I could see the threat plainly. Here were terrorists prepared to bring about Armageddon.  Here were states whose leadership cared for no-one but themselves; were often cruel and tyrannical towards their own people; and who saw WMD as a means of defending themselves against any attempt external or internal to remove them and who, in their chaotic and corrupt state, were in any event porous and irresponsible with neither the will nor capability to prevent terrorists who also hated the West, from exploiting their chaos and corruption.  Nuclear trade  I became aware of the activities of A Q Khan, former Pakistani nuclear scientist and of an organization developing nuclear weapons technology to sell secretly to states wanting to acquire it.  I started to hear of plants to manufacture nuclear weapons equipment in Malaysia, in the Near East and Africa, companies in the Gulf and Europe to finance it; training and know-how provided - all without any or much international action to stop it.  It was a murky, dangerous trade, done with much sophistication and it was rapidly shortening the timeframe of countries like North Korea and Iran in acquiring serviceable nuclear weapons capability. I asked for more intelligence on the issue not just of terrorism but also of WMD.  The scale of it became clear. It didn't matter that the Islamic extremists often hated some of these regimes. Their mutual enmity toward the West would in the end triumph over any scruples of that nature, as we see graphically in Iraq today.  Al-Qaeda efforts  We knew that al-Qaeda sought the capability to use WMD in their attacks. Bin Laden has called it a ""duty"" to obtain nuclear weapons. His networks have experimented with chemicals and toxins for use in attacks.  He received advice from at least two Pakistani scientists on the design of nuclear weapons. In Afghanistan al-Qaeda trained its recruits in the use of poisons and chemicals.  An al-Qaeda terrorist ran a training camp developing these techniques. Terrorist training manuals giving step-by-step instructions for the manufacture of deadly substances such as botulinum and ricin were widely distributed in Afghanistan and elsewhere and via the internet.  Terrorists in Russia have actually deployed radiological material. The sarin attack on the Tokyo Metro showed how serious an impact even a relatively small attack can have.  The global threat to our security was clear. So was our duty: to act to eliminate it.  'No blind eye'  First we dealt with al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, removing the Taliban that succored them.  But then we had to confront the states with WMD. We had to take a stand. We had to force conformity with international obligations that for years had been breached with the world turning a blind eye.  For 12 years Saddam had defied calls to disarm. In 1998, he had effectively driven out the UN inspectors and we had bombed his military infrastructure; but we had only weakened him, not removed the threat.  Saddam alone had used CW against Iran and against his own people.  We had had an international coalition blessed by the UN in Afghanistan. I wanted the same now. President Bush agreed to go the UN route.  We secured UN Resolution 1441. Saddam had one final chance to comply fully. Compliance had to start with a full and honest declaration of WMD programs and activities.  The truth is disarming a country, other than with its consent, is a perilous exercise. On 8 December 2002, Saddam sent his declaration. It was obviously false.  The UN inspectors were in Iraq but progress was slow and the vital cooperation of Iraqi scientists withheld. In March we went back to the UN to make a final ultimatum. We strove hard for agreement. We very nearly achieved it.  Leadership  So we came to the point of decision. Prime ministers don't have the luxury of maintaining both sides of the argument.  They can see both sides. But, ultimately, leadership is about deciding.  My view was and is that if the UN had come together and delivered a tough ultimatum to Saddam, listing clearly what he had to do, benchmarking it, he may have folded and events set in train that might just and eventually have led to his departure from power.  But the Security Council didn't agree.  Suppose at that point we had backed away. Inspectors would have stayed but only the utterly naive would believe that following such a public climbdown by the US and its partners, Saddam would have cooperated more.  He would have strung the inspectors out and returned emboldened to his plans.  The will to act on the issue of rogue states and WMD would have been shown to be hollow. The terrorists, watching and analyzing every move in our psychology as they do, would have taken heart.  All this without counting the fact that the appalling brutalization of the Iraqi people would have continued unabated and reinforced.  Risk factor  Here is the crux. It is possible that even with all of this, nothing would have happened. Possible that Saddam would change his ambitions; possible he would develop the WMD but never use it; possible that the terrorists would never get their hands on WMD, whether from Iraq or elsewhere.  We cannot be certain. Perhaps we would have found different ways of reducing it. Perhaps this Islamic terrorism would ebb of its own accord.  But do we want to take the risk? That is the judgement. And my judgement then and now is that the risk of this new global terrorism and its interaction with states or organizations or individuals proliferating WMD, is one I simply am not prepared to run.  This is not a time to err on the side of caution; not a time to weigh the risks to an infinite balance; not a time for the cynicism of the worldly wise who favor playing it long.  Their worldly wise cynicism is actually at best naivete and at worst dereliction.  Diplomacy?  When they talk, as they do now, of diplomacy coming back into fashion in respect of Iran or North Korea or Libya, do they seriously think that diplomacy alone has brought about this change?  Since the war in Iraq, Libya has taken the courageous step of owning up not just to a nuclear weapons program but to having chemical weapons, which are now being destroyed.  Iran is back in the reach of the IAEA. North Korea in talks with China over its WMD. The A Q Khan network is being shut down, its trade slowly but surely being eliminated.  Yet it is monstrously premature to think the threat has passed. The risk remains in the balance here and abroad.  These days decisions about it come thick and fast, and while they are not always of the same magnitude they are hardly trivial.  Let me give you an example. A short while ago, during the war, we received specific intelligence warning of a major attack on Heathrow.  To this day, we don't know if it was correct and we foiled it or if it was wrong. But we received the intelligence.  We immediately heightened the police presence. At the time it was much criticized as political hype or an attempt to frighten the public.  Actually at each stage we followed rigidly the advice of the police and Security Service. But sit in my seat. Here is the intelligence. Here is the advice. Do you ignore it?  But, of course intelligence is precisely that: intelligence. It is not hard fact. It has its limitations. On each occasion the most careful judgement has to be made taking account of everything we know and the best assessment and advice available.  But in making that judgement, would you prefer us to act, even if it turns out to be wrong? Or not to act and hope it's OK?  And suppose we don't act and the intelligence turns out to be right, how forgiving will people be?  Stability drive  And to those who think that these things are all disconnected, random acts, disparate threats with no common thread to bind them, look at what is happening in Iraq today.  The terrorists pouring into Iraq, know full well the importance of destroying not just the nascent progress of Iraq toward stability, prosperity and democracy, but of destroying our confidence, of defeating our will to persevere.  I have no doubt Iraq is better without Saddam; but no doubt either, that as a result of his removal, the dangers of the threat we face will be diminished. That is not to say the terrorists won't redouble their efforts. They will.  This war is not ended. It may only be at the end of its first phase. They are in Iraq, murdering innocent Iraqis who want to worship or join a police force that upholds the law not a brutal dictatorship; they carry on killing in Afghanistan.  They do it for a reason. The terrorists know that if Iraq and Afghanistan survive their assault, come through their travails, seize the opportunity the future offers, then those countries will stand not just as nations liberated from oppression, but as a lesson to humankind everywhere and a profound antidote to the poison of religious extremism.  That is precisely why the terrorists are trying to foment hatred and division in Iraq. They know full well, a stable democratic Iraq, under the sovereign rule of the Iraqi people, is a mortal blow to their fanaticism.  That is why our duty is to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan as stable and democratic nations.  Human spirit  Here is the irony. For all the fighting, this threat cannot be defeated by security means alone.  Taking strong action is a necessary but insufficient condition for defeating. Its final defeat is only assured by the triumph of the values of the human spirit.  Which brings me to the final point. It may well be that under international law as presently constituted, a regime can systematically brutalize and oppress its people and there is nothing anyone can do, when dialogue, diplomacy and even sanctions fail, unless it comes within the definition of a humanitarian catastrophe (though the 300,000 remains in mass graves already found in Iraq might be thought by some to be something of a catastrophe).  This may be the law, but should it be?  We know now, if we didn't before, that our own self-interest is ultimately bound up with the fate of other nations.  The doctrine of international community is no longer a vision of idealism. It is a practical recognition that just as within a country, citizens who are free, well-educated and prosperous tend to be responsible, to feel solidarity with a society in which they have a stake; so do nations that are free, democratic and benefiting from economic progress, tend to be stable and solid partners in the advance of humankind.  Global rules  The best defense of our security lies in the spread of our values.  But we cannot advance these values except within a framework that recognizes their universality. If it is a global threat, it needs a global response, based on global rules.  The essence of a community is common rights and responsibilities. We have obligations in relation to each other.  If we are threatened, we have a right to act. And we do not accept in a community that others have a right to oppress and brutalize their people.  We value the freedom and dignity of the human race and each individual in it.  Containment will not work in the face of the global threat that confronts us. The terrorists have no intention of being contained.  The states that proliferate or acquire WMD illegally are doing so precisely to avoid containment. Emphatically I am not saying that every situation leads to military action.  But we surely have a duty and a right to prevent the threat materializing; and we surely have a responsibility to act when a nation's people are subjected to a regime such as Saddam's.  Otherwise, we are powerless to fight the aggression and injustice which over time puts at risk our security and way of life.  UN changes?  Which brings us to how you make the rules and how you decide what is right or wrong in enforcing them. The UN Universal Declaration on Human Rights is a fine document. But it is strange the United Nations is so reluctant to enforce them.  I understand the worry the international community has over Iraq. It worries that the US and its allies will by sheer force of their military might, do whatever they want, unilaterally and without recourse to any rule-based code or doctrine.  But our worry is that if the UN - because of a political disagreement in its Councils - is paralyzed, then a threat we believe is real will go unchallenged.  Britain's role  This dilemma is at the heart of many people's anguished indecision over the wisdom of our action in Iraq.  It explains the confusion of normal politics that has part of the right liberating a people from oppression and a part of the left disdaining the action that led to it.  It is partly why the conspiracy theories or claims of deceit have such purchase. How much simpler to debate those than to analyze and resolve the conundrum of our world's present state.  Britain's role is try to find a way through this: to construct a consensus behind a broad agenda of justice and security and means of enforcing it.  This agenda must be robust in tackling the security threat that this Islamic extremism poses; and fair to all peoples by promoting their human rights, wherever they are.  It means tackling poverty in Africa and justice in Palestine as well as being utterly resolute in opposition to terrorism as a way of achieving political goals. It means an entirely different, more just and more modern view of self-interest.  War reasons  It means reforming the United Nations so its Security Council represents 21st century reality; and giving the UN the capability to act effectively as well as debate.  It means getting the UN to understand that faced with the threats we have, we should do all we can to spread the values of freedom, democracy, the rule of law, religious tolerance and justice for the oppressed, however painful for some nations that may be; but that at the same time, we wage war relentlessly on those who would exploit racial and religious division to bring catastrophe to the world.  But in the meantime, the threat is there and demands our attention.  That is the struggle which engages us. It is a new type of war. It will rest on intelligence to a greater degree than ever before.  It demands a difference attitude to our own interests. It forces us to act even when so many comforts seem unaffected, and the threat so far off, if not illusory.  In the end, believe your political leaders or not, as you will. But do so, at least having understood their minds. "
"Last Updated: Thursday, 11 December, 2003, 16:05 GMT   UK troops 'left without key kit' British troops before leaving Cyprus for Iraq Protection suits arrived late Frontline forces were left without vital kit during the Iraq War because of supply failures, a report says. Nuclear, chemical and biological weapon protection suits and desert clothing did not reach or fit many troops, the National Audit Office report says.  The Whitehall watchdog says morale was hit with a typical view being: ""We're out here fighting and you can't be bothered to buy us a proper uniform.""  Despite the failings the report praises the scale and speed of the operation.  'Shameful'  Conservative MP Edward Leigh, chairman of the Commons public accounts committee, said: ""We expect the men and women of the armed forces to fight and maybe die for us. So it is an outrage that they could not expect all of the proper equipment, protection and even clothing to do the job we ask of them.  ""They were shamefully let down.""  	  The supply system was simply swamped by the sheer volume of equipment David Clarke National audit office The National Audit Office (NAO) report says it was a major achievement to deploy 46,000 of British troops to Iraq within 10 weeks - half the time taken in the first Gulf War.  New and improved equipment, such as the Challenger Two main battle tank and the SA80A2 assault rifle, ""performed well"", it says.  But some of the Challenger tanks were only finally fully armored up for desert warfare 48 hours before they went into battle.  Confidence drop  Some tanks and armored vehicles never received the protective nuclear, biological and chemical (NBC) protection filters with which they were meant to be equipped.  There was so much confusion in some cases that troops simply took the equipment they needed, says the report.  	  Overall, this was a remarkably successful operation Geoff Hoon Defense Secretary ""The lack of confidence in the ability of the logistics system to meet units' needs in-theatre led to a considerable degree of misappropriation of equipment and stores moving through the supply chain,"" it says.  In an ""extreme case"", 1 (UK) Armored Division sent a team back from Kuwait to their stores at Bicester in a vain attempt to find missing NBC detection kit.  And some of the 200,000 body armor sets issued since the 1999 Kosovo campaign appeared to have ""disappeared"".  ""The supply system was simply swamped by the sheer volume of equipment,"" said NAO director David Clarke, whose team which drew up the report.  Clothing problems  Many of the problems were made worse because Treasury pressure meant the Ministry of Defense only held limited stocks of some kit in an effort to reduce costs, says the report.  As the deployment began, the ministry had to replace urgent orders with manufacturers, who sometimes had only just enough or too little time to deliver.  There was a 40% too few nerve agent detector units and the MoD's entire stock of 4,000 vapor detection kits, used by troops when they unmask after a suspected chemical attack, was found to be unserviceable.  ""Difficulties"" in providing enough NBC protection suits in some sizes were found and some gas masks did not fit as well had been thought.  And problems getting desert clothing and boots to frontline troops meant some soldiers had to wear their normal green and black camouflage throughout the war.  Morale effect  The NAO says equipment shortages eroded troop morale.  The lack of proper desert clothing was particularly resented by the troops, said Mr. Clarke.  The report also points to failures in planning for the coalition's duties after the main phase of the conflict was over.  ""Our experience from the field visit to Iraq was that the government had not fully appreciated the consequences of a total collapse of the Saddam regime and what the UK's obligations would be once hostilities ceased,"" it says.  'Remarkable success'  Sir John Bourn, head of the NAO, said: ""The scale and speed with which the operation was carried out are both extremely impressive.  ""There were problems, but these should be seen in the wider context of the overall success.""  Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon said he had repeatedly acknowledged the operation had not been perfect.  ""But overall, this was a remarkably successful operation and conducted in a very short space of time to deliver huge amounts of people and material to conduct a very effective operation,"" he told MPs.  Mr. Hoon said he was publishing a ""tough"" document on the lessons to be learnt from the Iraq operation.  Read a selection of your comments below.  Historically the British Government (of whatever political persuasion) has always expected the utmost dedication and professionalism of the armed forces, but has always been too parsimonious to pay or equip them properly. However, the politicians and civil servants who hold the purse strings would never put their lives on the line in the way they expect the forces to. This report just shows that nothing has changed. It was like this 100 years ago, it was like this when I joined the army in the 1970's, and it is the same now. Paul, Milton Keynes, England  As an ex-British soldier I know all about the lack of kit British soldiers have to put up with, but this lack of kit makes a British soldier more resourceful, inventive and adaptive, qualities of which breed good soldiers. This is one of the main reasons why the British squaddie is such a highly respected soldier throughout the world, compared to armies who get as much and whatever kit they want. This has always been the case and no doubt always will be. Ben, Redhill, Surrey  As a serving soldier I do buy my own kit and equipment to supplement issued clothing as many soldiers do. When NBC equipment and body armor is concerned we have no option but MOD equipment and receiving a canister 15 years old (5 years out of date) isn't good news. That said my unit's moral was good throughout the war, we just get on with it. John, Barnsley S, Yorks  	  A fairly typical story of how the British Army always goes to war Marc, London This is, I'm afraid, a fairly typical story of how the British Army always goes to war - with the wrong equipment loaded or not present thanks to cost-cutting in Whitehall. My Grandfather was a sergeant-major in September 1939 and recalled in his diary how shocked he was when the first British troops turned up. Some of the trucks had been hastily commandeered from civilians and hadn't been repainted khaki in time. Marc, London  I was out in the Gulf, and the lack of proper equipment was embarrassing and potentially fatal for the troops out there. I have been in the RAF for 14 years and during that time there have been constant cutbacks to save money. Some good and plenty bad. If you are going to send someone out to, possibly their death, a war zone there should always be enough equipment in working order to enhance survival. What price do you put on a life? In some cases the price of a fuse it seems. Mark S, Scotland  Although I do understand the need for appropriate equipment, surely troops in the field should be trained to be happy with what they have? Never in the history of warfare have the logistics been perfect. Two hundred years ago troops didn't have food - now they're complaining that they have the wrong colored clothing. I'm not saying we shouldn't try and improve things - but a soldier's life is a hard one - fact. And we should really stop complaining. Pete, York, UK  I served in the Army for 20 years, and all during that time, myself and my colleagues bought a lot of our own kit, as that issued was never really up to the job. It's a sad reflection when our guys/gals buy a mixture of other countries' and privately made kit. I believe the MOD knows that service people will do this and therefore buy the cheapest priced kit, or don't issue it in the first place. As was said to me on many occasions....""if we've got it, it's the cheapest tender on the market""!! Steve Schanzer, Cambrian Wales  	  A lack of funds to do the job properly Anon, Cambs, UK My brother is in the Army and works in the Logistics arena. The main problem they have is, as always, a lack of funds to do the job properly. Government cutbacks, as stated in the piece, mean inadequate supplies to hand, and difficulty getting new supplies from manufacturers in short timescales. Although the general 'management' of the army has improved dramatically, there are still limits to what can be done with limited funds. Anon, Cambs, UK  This doesn't surprise me. Cost-cutting and outsourcing of logistics and store staff means that vital jobs are carried out by people on 4.00 an hour, working 8 hour days. No wonder 1 Armored had to send a team back to Bicester! I visited that depot shortly before the ground campaign started, and three members of staff were playing indoor football while others attempted to pack kit. Rob, Durham, UK  My brother had to buy his own kit before he left for Iraq and was sent across into the front line without body armor. He and his friends had to swap regimental badges with the Americans for decent equipment and desert clothing. Heather, Leeds, UK  	  Where are their priorities? Annie, Bristol My partner is in the army and to ensure that he can do his job to the best of his ability, he has to buy various pieces of kit to replace the army issue stuff which is just not good enough. The lack of vital equipment for front line troops shows complete disregard for the safety of our boys by the government - and despite ongoing conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as the war of terror, the forces are facing more cuts. Where are their priorities? It's clear the Blair's son isn't in the forces! Annie, Bristol  I joined the Army in 1963 as a young boy soldier and received a re-issued First World War Uniform, complete with what appeared to be a bullet hole under the right arm. I continued to serve in HM forces in one form or another for a total of 36 years, and towards the latter end of my career found more and more soldiers purchasing their own items of uniform in order to be able to cope with the elements and the circumstances under which they were expected to serve their country. Brian Lee, Doncaster Yorkshire  I served in the first Gulf War and these supply issues existed then. It would appear that the MOD/Treasury are more concerned with cost cutting/saving than provision of all essential equipment to its troops. British servicemen are respected the world over for their skills. However it is embarrassing to be constantly under equipped when in the field, a point often raised by other nationalities. Pete, Norwich, Norfolk  Like Pete, I was in the first Gulf operation and I completely agree with his view. I was posted to a Field Hospital and we were embarrassed to have to ask forces from other countries for the basic equipment {things like shelving} to allow the hospital serviceable. I received my desert combat kit on the day the cease fire was ordered. The MOD will never learn until it becomes more accountable. Alan, Herefordshire UK  The inability of the MoD to supply our troops with NBC suits doesn't sit well with the fact that for many months before the war the entire justification for sending our troops to Iraq was the existence, and possible use, of chemical and biological weapons. So were the MoD incompetent, or did they just never believe our troops were at risk of NBC attack? Alan, UK "
"Last Updated: Wednesday, 19 November, 2003, 18:53 GMT   Bush sets out 'mission for freedom' The Queen and President Bush at Buckingham Palace The Queen and President Bush at Buckingham Palace US President George Bush has mounted an impassioned defense of the invasion of Iraq and vowed to win the war on terror. During the first day of his historic state visit to London he said the US and the UK ""share a mission"" as defenders of freedom across the globe.  And he told the audience at London's Banqueting House that the danger of terrorists using weapons of mass destruction aided by dictators represented ""the greatest threat of our age"".  ""The evil is in plain sight. The danger only increases with denial.  ""Great responsibilities have fallen once again to the great democracies. We will face these threats with open eyes and we will defeat them.""  The speech to foreign affairs experts came amid tight security for the president's visit.  	  Who will say that Iraq was better off when Saddam Hussein was strutting and killing or that the world was safer when he held power? President George W. Bush  Key points: Bush speech Later on Wednesday police made some arrests as protesters gathered in the Mall near Buckingham Palace.  In his speech, Mr. Bush said a global response was needed to address such threats, along with a recognition that ""in some cases the measured use of force is all that protect us from a chaotic world ruled by force"".  Defending the war in Iraq, he said: ""The dictator had been given many chances to account for his weapons programs. Now the resolutions he defied have been enforced.  ""Who will say that Iraq was better off when Saddam Hussein was strutting and killing, or that the world was safer when he held power?""  'Alliance of values'  Mr. Bush said the UK and US shared ""a mission in the world beyond the balance of power or the simple pursuit of interest"".  ""We seek the advance of freedom and the peace that freedom brings,"" he said.  ""Together, our nations are standing and sacrificing for this high goal in a distant land at this very hour.""  President Bush inspecting the guard The US president was given an official Royal welcome Mr. Bush was earlier welcomed by the Queen at a ceremony full of pageantry at Buckingham Palace.  The president's visit comes amid unprecedented security due to anti-war protests and increased terror fears.  Despite the intense policing the visit began amid claims the Mirror newspaper had exposed a breach in security.  The claims have prompted a Buckingham Palace investigation and Home Secretary David Blunkett has made a statement to MPs about the incident.  The Mirror newspaper claimed one of its reporters got a job as a footman in the palace using fake references and was set to serve the president's staff breakfast.  A Buckingham Palace spokesman has said it is not ruling out legal action against the newspaper and its reporter.  In his Banqueting House speech, President Bush paid tribute to UK service personnel who died in the war in Iraq and those serving in the country.   Full route map of Thursday's protest  Enlarge Map And he said the UK and the US enjoyed a ""very strong"" relationship based on ""an alliance of values"".  Hailing the support he has received from Tony Blair, he went on: ""The British people are the sort of partners you want when serious work needs doing.  ""The men and women of this kingdom are kind and steadfast and generous and brave. And America is fortunate to call this country our closest friend in the world.""  Mr. Bush vowed that the coalition would not turn away from Iraq in the face of threats from ""a band of thugs and assassins"".  He also reaffirmed his pledge to work towards a viable Palestinian state amid security for Israel.  And he called for a ""democratic revolution"" in the Middle East.  Protest plans  At Prime Minister's Questions, Tony Blair stressed the importance of Britain's relationship with the US.  Conservative leader Michael Howard paid tribute to Mr. Blair's close relationship with Mr. Bush.  The Stop the War Coalition predicts that 100,000 people will take to the streets on Thursday for the main protest against Mr. Bush's visit.  	 PRESIDENT BUSH'S ITINERARY Wednesday 19 November - Gives Banqueting House speech on transatlantic alliance, meets UK families of 11 Sept victims, meets Michael Howard and Charles Kennedy before attending royal banquet with Queen Thursday 20 November - Meets British soldiers who fought in Afghanistan and Iraq, holds meetings with Tony Blair at Downing Street and hosts dinner at US Ambassador's residence Friday 21 November - Travels to Tony Blair's Sedgefield constituency to meet members of the public before returning to Washington  Guantanamo appeal to Bush US press ignore Bush trip The formal welcome for Mr. Bush and his wife Laura from the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh came after a 41-gun salute.  Peace campaigners are attempting to demonstrate their opposition to Mr. Bush's visit in a series of protests across the capital.  Parliament Square, the South Bank and the Exxon-Mobil headquarters are among the locations earmarked for demonstrations.  A ""roaming"" Street Party and a Resist Bush Tea Party are also planned, while London Mayor Ken Livingstone has organized a peace party in City Hall for groups opposed to the war in Iraq.  Mr. Bush is due to meet British families of those who died in the 11 September attacks in New York.  The president is also due to meet Mr. Howard, who supported the war, and the Liberal Democrat leader, Charles Kennedy, who opposed it.  In the evening, Mr. and Mrs. Bush will be guests of honor at a state banquet at the Palace."
"Last Updated: Thursday, 1 July, 2004, 17:01 GMT 18:01 UK   Defiant Saddam appears in court Footage of Saddam Hussein in court Saddam: Both defiant and downcast Iraq's ex-leader Saddam Hussein has made a defiant first appearance before an Iraqi judge, branding President George W Bush as the ""real criminal"". He defended Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in 1990, said he was still president and rejected the court's jurisdiction.  He arrived in handcuffs and chains at the court near Baghdad airport to hear charges of war crimes and genocide.  TV pictures of the hearing were released to international broadcasters shortly after the hearing finished.  	  I am Saddam Hussein, President of Iraq  Key excerpts The images - cleared for broadcast by the US military - were the first of Saddam Hussein since his capture in December. They showed Iraq's former president looking thin, haggard and with a trimmed, grey beard.  Saddam Hussein, described by reporters at the hearing as both defiant and downcast, denounced the proceedings as ""theatre"" and questioned the validity of the law he was to be tried under.  ""I am Saddam Hussein, President of Iraq,"" he replied when asked to confirm his identity at the hearing, which took place inside one of his former palaces, now a sprawling US base.  	 PRELIMINARY CHARGES Anfal campaign against Kurds, late 1980s Gassing Kurds in Halabja, 1988 Invasion of Kuwait , 1990 Crushing Kurdish and Shia rebellions after 1991 Gulf War Killing political activists over 30 years Massacring members of Kurdish Barzani tribe in 1980s Killing religious leaders, 1974  Charges facing Saddam fights back in court Arab media urges fair trial The BBC's Arab affairs analyst, Magdi Abdelhadi, says this is the first time an Arab ruler has appeared before a judge to face charges related to abuse of power and the brutal oppression of his own people.  He says it is an historic moment not only for Iraq but for the entire region.  Ousted Arab rulers were usually either summarily executed or forced to flee the country, he adds.  Saddam rebuked  Seven preliminary charges were read out to Saddam Hussein, including accusations over the campaign against the Kurds in the 1980s, which included the use of chemical weapons in Halabja, and the suppression of Kurdish and Shia uprisings after the 1991 Gulf War.  	  Iraqis cannot be victims and at the same time juries John Upindi, Namibia  Your view: A fair trial? Hearing the charge relating to Halabja, where about 5,000 Kurdish civilians died in a single day, Saddam Hussein said, ""Yes, I heard about that.""  He became most agitated when he was accused of invading Kuwait in 1990.  ""How can you, as an Iraqi, say the 'invasion of Kuwait' when Kuwait is part of Iraq?"" he asked the judge, whose face was not shown on the film and whose identity is being kept secret for security reasons.  He said he invaded Kuwait ""for the Iraqi people"" and referred to Kuwaitis as ""dogs"", for which he was rebuked by the judge.  Saddam Hussein refused at the end to sign legal papers confirming that he had been read his rights and understood the case against him, saying he wanted his lawyer in court.  He was then taken back to jail, while the charges were read out one-by-one against the 11 other accused.  These include former Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz and Ali Hasan al-Majid, known as ""Chemical Ali"" for his alleged role in poison gas attacks, who were formally transferred from US to Iraqi custody on Wednesday.  Defense concerns  Saddam Hussein's lawyers have already challenged the court's legitimacy.  One member of his 20-strong defense team, Mohammed Rashdan, told the BBC's Today program that they had been denied access to their client.  	 TOP DETAINEES Tariq Aziz - Deputy PM Taha Yassin Ramadan - Vice-President Sultan Hashim Ahmad al-Tal - Defense Minister Abid Hamid al-Tikrit - Presidential secretary Ali Hasan al-Majid - ""Chemical Ali"" Watban Ibrahim Hassan al-Tikriti - Saddam Hussein's half-brother - Intelligence Minister  Top Iraqi detainees: Full list He also alleged that they had received death threats from the Iraqi government.  Iraq's new national security adviser, Mowaffaq al-Rubaie, has insisted the process will not be a show trial.  ""As an Iraqi interim government, we promise our people and the Arab world and the outside world, we promise that Saddam will stand a fair trial,"" he said in a BBC interview.  The interim Iraqi government has restored the death penalty, which was suspended by the US-led coalition.  Mr. Rubaie said Saddam Hussein could face execution if convicted.  The full trials may not get under way until next year as many issues still need to be resolved and could take months or even years.  Witness protection  The BBC's Christian Frasier in Baghdad says there are concerns in Iraq that crucial evidence has still to be gathered.  The Coalition Provisional Authority has identified more than 250 mass graves, but as yet there have been no full forensic exhumations and investigations are being hampered by the lack of security on the ground.  Our correspondent says without a system in place to gather statements and protect those who come forward there are fears that many valuable witnesses will be lost.  But the interim Iraqi government has dismissed such concerns, insisting that the evidence is already overwhelming, as Saddam Hussein's regime was meticulous in recording the most minute details of abuses carried out."
"Last Updated: Monday, 15 December, 2003, 15:30 GMT   US interrogators grill Saddam Hussein after his capture The US said Saddam Hussein offered no resistance Deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein has reportedly yielded no direct intelligence information since his capture near his hometown of Tikrit. He has ""not been co-operative in terms of talking"", a senior US official said, though the capture appears to have led to a number of further arrests.  US officials were also cautious about his eventual fate as calls came for him to be tried either in Iraq or abroad.  Two car bombs exploded in the Baghdad area on Monday, killing eight people.  Arrests  US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Saddam Hussein was being accorded the privileges of a prisoner-of-war under the Geneva Convention. But he said America was not defining him as a PoW.  	 US soldier emerges from Saddam Hussein's tiny hideout  If coalition forces can't take some information from him regarding weapons of mass destruction, I will consider the American invasion to Iraq to be unjustified Khakimov Khait, Tashkent  Saddam's fate: Your views How Saddam was captured Mr. Rumsfeld said Saddam Hussein's fate would be decided at a senior level.  He warned that any trial would have to be ""acceptable and appropriate and would ensure that he would be brought to justice"".  Iraq's new US-backed leaders have been demanding a trial under an Iraqi tribunal formed last week.  The US military has said it has identified a militant cell in Baghdad and made a number of arrests of anti-coalition figures in the city on the basis of information ""gleaned"" from Saddam Hussein's capture.  A couple of key individuals had been seized in Baghdad since Saturday, said spokesman Brigadier General Mark Hertling.  These included a high-ranking former figure from the Saddam government who in turn ""gave up a few others,"" he said.  General Hertling told AP news agency that the arrests had been prompted by the transcript of Saddam Hussein's initial interrogation as well as a briefcase of documents found in his hideout.  The spokesman added that he expected Saddam Hussein to produce ""some significant intelligence over the next couple of days"".  Time magazine, quoting a US intelligence official, reports that he denied during initial questioning that his country possessed weapons of mass destruction.  ""The US dreamed them up itself to have a reason to go to war with us,"" the magazine quoted the former president as saying.  'I am the president of Iraq'  The whereabouts of the former president is unclear. Reports that he has been moved to a US facility in Qatar have been denied by the Iraqi authorities.  Colonel James Hickey, who led the raid on Saddam Hussein's hideout on Saturday, has revealed that soldiers were seconds away from throwing a hand grenade into the pit where he was hiding before he surrendered.  	  It marks the end of the road for him and all who bullied and killed in his name President Bush  statement in full Arrest grabs headlines The operation was launched, Colonel Hickey said, on the basis of information from an individual arrested in Baghdad on Friday, then brought to Tikrit for interrogation on Saturday morning.  It is not known if the Americans intend to pay a $25m reward offered for information about him.  The troops who came across Saddam Hussein on Saturday were offered ""negotiations"", spokesman Major Brian Reed said on Monday.  ""I am Saddam Hussein, I am the president of Iraq and I want to negotiate,"" the former leader was quoted as saying in English from his pit.  The soldiers, according to Major Reed, replied with the words ""President Bush sends his regards"".  Calls for trial  Iran has added its voice to calls for Saddam Hussein to be tried for crimes, saying he should be tried in an international court over the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.  	 SADDAM: POSSIBLE CHARGES Victims of the Halabja gas attack Campaign against the Kurds in the 1980s, including the use of poison gas at Halabja Suppression of Kurdish and Shia revolts after the first Gulf War Brutality against the Marsh Arabs Crimes committed during the wars against Iran and Kuwait Possible involvement in recent attacks on coalition forces and other targets in Iraq  Details of likely charges What happens now? The US-appointed Iraqi Governing Council (IGC) has called for him to be tried inside Iraq by Iraqi judges ""under the supervision of international experts"".  The current president of the IGC, Abdel Aziz al-Hakim, said Monday that Saddam Hussein could face the death penalty if convicted in an Iraqi court.  A special tribunal was set up in Iraq last week to try leading members of the former government.  Charles Heathley, spokesman for the US-led administration in Iraq, said on Monday he expected the new tribunal would charge Saddam Hussein ""in due course"" and ask the coalition to hand him over.  Red Cross  However, some human rights groups say an international tribunal - without the power to award the death penalty - would be preferable to a trial in Iraq.  The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has said it expects to have access to the captured former president .  There was no fixed time frame for the visit, a spokesman told AP.  ""But we expect Saddam Hussein - as any other presumed, real or accepted PoW - will at some stage be visited by the ICRC.""  World leaders have welcomed the capture, including some who opposed the war to oust Saddam Hussein such as President Jacques Chirac of France who said it would strongly contribute to democracy and stability in Iraq.  There was also condemnation of his treatment in some parts of the Arab world.  Abdel Azziz Rantissi, a leader of the Palestinian militant organization Hamas, accused the US of an ""ugly and despicable... insult to all Arabs and an insult to Muslims""."
"Last Updated: Saturday, 24 January, 2004, 15:12 GMT   US seeks allies for war on terror A Dutch soldier in patrol in Iraq Mr. Cheney wants Europe to deploy more troops overseas US Vice-President Dick Cheney has urged European nations to do more to support global democracy and defeat terrorism. He said Europe was key to promoting freedoms in the Middle East which could remove the root cause of terrorism.  But he told business and political leaders that nations had to be prepared to send troops if persuasion failed.  His rare speech outside the United States is part of a concerted effort by Washington to mend transatlantic relations soured by the war in Iraq.  Correspondents say his address to the World Economic Forum in the Swiss ski resort of Davos was a mixture of conciliatory and demanding statements.  Mr. Cheney made no apology for the war in Iraq which created a split between the US and its traditional and newer allies such as France, Germany and Russia and still remains a sore point.  ""Direct threats require decisive action,"" he said, adding that the US wanted a strong Europe.  	 US Vice-President Dick Cheney  We must confront the ideologies of violence at the source, by promoting democracy throughout the greater Middle East and beyond Dick Cheney US Vice-President ""Just as we must not force you to choose between your European and transatlantic vocations, you must not sell yourselves short and settle for less than the military capability and influence that your people deserve,"" he said.  With the US military stretched in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere, it was ""critical"" for Europe to step up its troop deployments, the vice-president said.  He noted that Europe and Canada had 1.4 million soldiers under arms, but only 55,000 deployed abroad.  Mr. Cheney did acknowledge European efforts to stop the spread of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East and said there was an urgent need for the US and Europe to co-operate to push for reforms across the Arab world.  ""We must confront the ideologies of violence at the source, by promoting democracy throughout the greater Middle East and beyond,"" he said.  He said greater freedoms would make the world safer from attacks like those of 11 September 2001.  ""Democracies do not breed the anger and the radicalism that drag down whole societies and export violence,"" he said, telling his audience that Europe itself had moved on from conflicts to peace and prosperity.  He made particular reference to the situation in Iran, where a political crisis has developed over attempts by the conservative Guardians Council to exclude reformists from forthcoming parliamentary elections.  ""We call for the Iranian regime to honor the legitimate demands of the Iranian people,"" he said. ""There are growing calls for true democracy and human rights.""  'Militaristic view'  His comments follow a Friday sermon by Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, head of Iran's Guardians Council, in which he scolded the US and European nations for ""interference"".  	  He did not do well in addressing the issues that actually bother people US Democratic congressman Sander Levin BBC News Online's Tim Weber, reporting from Davos, says anticipation had been high in the run-up to the speech, and participants were unanimous that it demonstrated the US administration was reaching out to its allies.  However, a quick straw poll in the audience afterwards showed that many would have liked the vice-president to go further.  Eva Biaudet, a Finnish MP and former health minister, said the vice-president had failed to touch upon key issues like ""poverty, injustice and development"", while she was shocked by what she called Mr. Cheney's ""militaristic view of how to get democracy"".  US Congressman Sander Levin, a Michigan Democrat, said that while he agreed with the basic sentiment of Mr. Cheney's remarks, ""he did not do well in addressing the issues that actually bother people... like how unilateral US action fits in with the concept of collegiality"" set out in the speech."
"Last Updated: Thursday, 29 April, 2004, 13:43 GMT 14:43 UK  Ambassadors' letter to Blair Here is the letter sent by more than 50 former British ambassadors to Tony Blair, urging him either to influence US policy in the Middle East or to stop backing it: We the undersigned former British ambassadors, high commissioners, governors and senior international officials, including some who have long experience of the Middle East and others whose experience is elsewhere, have watched with deepening concern the policies which you have followed on the Arab-Israel problem and Iraq, in close co-operation with the United States.  Following the press conference in Washington at which you and President Bush restated these policies, we feel the time has come to make our anxieties public, in the hope that they will be addressed in Parliament and will lead to a fundamental reassessment.  The decision by the USA, the EU, Russia and the UN to launch a Road Map for the settlement of the Israel/Palestine conflict raised hopes that the major powers would at last make a determined and collective effort to resolve a problem which, more than any other, has for decades poisoned relations between the West and the Islamic and Arab worlds.  The legal and political principles on which such a settlement would be based were well established: President Clinton had grappled with the problem during his presidency; the ingredients needed for a settlement were well understood and informal agreements on several of them had already been achieved. But the hopes were ill-founded.  Nothing effective has been done either to move the negotiations forward or to curb the violence.  Britain and the other sponsors of the Road Map merely waited on American leadership, but waited in vain.  Worse was to come. After all those wasted months, the international community has now been confronted with the announcement by Ariel Sharon and President Bush of new policies which are one-sided and illegal and which will cost yet more Israeli and Palestinian blood.  Our dismay at this backward step is heightened by the fact that you yourself seem to have endorsed it, abandoning the principles which for nearly four decades have guided international efforts to restore peace in the Holy Land and which have been the basis for such successes as those efforts have produced.  This abandonment of principle comes at a time when rightly or wrongly we are portrayed throughout the Arab and Muslim world as partners in an illegal and brutal occupation in Iraq.  The conduct of the war in Iraq has made it clear that there was no effective plan for the post-Saddam settlement.  All those with experience of the area predicted that the occupation of Iraq by the Coalition forces would meet serious and stubborn resistance, as has proved to be the case.  To describe the resistance as led by terrorists, fanatics and foreigners is neither convincing nor helpful.  Policy must take account of the nature and history of Iraq, the most complex country in the region.  However much Iraqis may yearn for a democratic society, the belief that one could now be created by the Coalition is naive.  This is the view of virtually all independent specialists in the region, both in Britain and in America.  We are glad to note that you and the president have welcomed the proposals outlined by Lakhdar Brahimi.  We must be ready to provide what support he requests, and to give authority to the United Nations to work with the Iraqis themselves, including those who are now actively resisting the occupation, to clear up the mess.  The military actions of the Coalition forces must be guided by political objectives and by the requirements of the Iraq theatre itself, not by criteria remote from them.  It is not good enough to say that the use of force is a matter for local commanders.  Heavy weapons unsuited to the task in hand, inflammatory language, the current confrontations in Najaf and Falluja, all these have built up rather than isolated the opposition.  The Iraqis killed by coalition forces probably total between 10,000 and 15,000 (it is a disgrace that the coalition forces themselves appear to have no estimate), and the number killed in the last month in Falluja alone is apparently several hundred, including many civilians, men, women and children.  Phrases such as `We mourn each loss of life. We salute them, and their families for their bravery and their sacrifice,' apparently referring only to those who have died on the Coalition side, are not well judged to moderate the passions those killings arouse.  We share your view that the British Government has an interest in working as closely as possible with the United States on both these related issues, and in exerting real influence as a loyal ally.  We believe that the need for such influence is now a matter of the highest urgency.  If that is unacceptable or unwelcome there is no case for supporting policies which are doomed to failure.  Signatories: Brian Barder; Paul Bergne; John Birch; David Blatherwick; Graham Boyce; Julian Bullard; Juliet Campbell; Bryan Cartledge; Terence Clark; David Colvin; Francis Cornish; James Craig; Brian Crowe; Basil Eastwood; Stephen Egerton; William Fullerton; Dick Fyjis-Walker; Marrack Goulding; John Graham; Andrew Green; Vic Henderson; Peter Hinchcliffe; Brian Hitch; Archie Lamb and David Logan.  Christopher Long; Ivor Lucas; Ian McCluney; Maureen MacGlashan; Philip McLean; Christopher MacRae; Oliver Miles; Martin Morland; Keith Morris; Richard Muir; Alan Munro; Stephen Nash; Robin O'Neill; Andrew Palmer; Bill Quantrill; David Ratford; Tom Richardson; Andrew Stuart; David Tatham; Crispin Tickell; Derek Tonkin; Charles Treadwell; Hugh Tunnell; Jeremy Varcoe; Hooky Walker; Michael Weir and Alan White."
"Last Updated: Wednesday, 17 December, 2003, 03:58 GMT   Bush calls for Saddam execution Saddam Hussein Mr. Bush said the Iraqi people should decide Saddam's fate US President George W Bush has said that the captured former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein should pay the ""ultimate penalty"" for his crimes. ""This is a disgusting tyrant who deserves... the ultimate justice,"" he said in a US television interview.  His comments put the US sharply at odds with the United Nations and European allies who oppose the death penalty.  Earlier, US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announced the CIA would take charge of interrogating Saddam Hussein.  In the aftermath of the deposed leader's capture on Saturday, Mr. Bush avoided answering questions on what punishment he wanted to see imposed.  But his latest comments confirm what most people believed were the Texan president's views, says the BBC's Justin Webb, in Washington.  ""Let's just see what penalty he gets, but I think he ought to receive the ultimate penalty ... for what he has done to his people,"" Mr. Bush told ABC News.  ""I mean, he is a torturer, a murderer, they had rape rooms. This is a disgusting tyrant who deserves justice, the ultimate justice.""  But the president said that he did not want a ""kangaroo court"", and that only the Iraqi people should decide what punishment their former leader deserved.  In other developments:  US forces say they are continuing a big operation to isolate and eliminate insurgents in the town of Samarra, north of Baghdad. They have already arrested more than 70 suspects; United Nations chief Kofi Annan said the UN was ready to play its full part in helping Iraq, but ""much greater clarity"" was needed as to what was expected from it; The interim Iraqi Foreign Minister appealed to the United Nations to move back to Iraq and help with its reconstruction. Saddam 'resigned'  Earlier, Mr. Rumsfeld said he had asked the CIA chief, George Tenet, to take responsibility for the interrogation of Saddam Hussein.  Mr. Rumsfeld refused to comment on whether he had revealed any useful information so far and described the former leader's relationship with his captors simply as ""resigned"".  He was being accorded the protection of a prisoner of war, but his actual legal status was still being decided, Mr. Rumsfeld said.  He also defended showing pictures of Saddam Hussein as a prisoner, undergoing medical checks.  ""If lives can be saved by physical proof that that man is off the street, out of commission, never to return, then we opt for saving lives,"" Mr. Rumsfeld said.  'Dead or alive'  There has been much speculation in the American media about the form that Saddam Hussein's interrogation might take.  In his television interview, President Bush said he did not know what precise techniques were being employed, but he said we do not use torture.  Mr. Bush also had a warning for the US's most-wanted man - al-Qaeda leader, Osama bin Laden, saying he would be captured ""dead or alive"".  ""We're on his trail, too. He's probably in a hole somewhere hiding from justice,"" Mr. Bush said."
"Last Updated: Monday, 17 May, 2004, 17:39 GMT 18:39 UK   'Sarin bomb' reopens Iraq WMD debate  	 By Jonathan Marcus BBC defense correspondent  The statement by the US military spokesman in Iraq that an improvised bomb made up of a shell containing nerve agent was discovered by an American convoy raises some disturbing questions.  US marines in Kharma, near Falluja, on 17 May 2004 US troops face the possibility that Iraqi chemical weapons still exist The Americans say that a 155mm artillery shell containing two constituents of sarin was used by insurgents in Iraq as part of an improvised explosive device.  The weapon was a binary shell, which contains two chemicals that only mix to form the nerve agent once the warhead is in flight after being fired.  In this case, the use of the shell as a roadside bomb meant that the chemicals did not mix and its partial detonation only resulted in some minor contamination of US personnel.  But if this shell is what it seems - a filled chemical munition - where did it come from? And how many more shells might there be?  Iraq was supposed to have destroyed all such munitions under United Nations supervision in the wake of the 1991 Gulf War.  Experimental  Iraq had large stocks of 155mm shells containing mustard gas.  But it claimed only to have filled a small number of such shells with binary nerve agent as an experimental project, which the Iraqis said, never entered full-scale production.  Nobody knows how many such shells were manufactured or how many may exist today.  These shells could be over a decade old and the chemicals they contain could have degraded.  But looked at more broadly, is this the first sign, as the US and British governments claimed, that Iraq really did have chemical weapons?  One shell clearly does not make a chemical arsenal.  But if Iraqi insurgents knew where to find this one, there is the disturbing possibility for the US-led coalition that other similar munitions may have fallen into their hands."
"Last Updated: Friday, 21 November, 2003, 21:00 GMT   MI6 ran 'dubious' Iraq campaign Scott Ritter Mr. Ritter has become a critic of the war on Iraq British intelligence ran a campaign designed to exaggerate Iraq's weapons of mass destruction, a former US intelligence officer has claimed. Former UN chief weapons inspector Scott Ritter said the disinformation drive in the late 1990s was designed to shift public opinion.  Mr. Ritter has been a vocal critic of military action against Iraq since leaving the inspections team in 1998.  A spokesman for MI6 said the allegations were ""unfounded"".  He told reporters in the House of Commons that he was involved personally with Operation Mass Appeal between the summer of 1997 until August 1998 when he resigned from the UN.  Mr. Ritter said the MI6 operation was designed to ""shake up public opinion"" by passing dubious intelligence on Iraq to the media.  The so-called ""non-actionable intelligence"" dealt with Saddam Hussein's alleged campaign to possess and conceal weapons of mass destruction. He said the intelligence was ""single source data of dubious quality"".  Mr. Ritter claimed this was the first time the existence of Operation Mass Appeal had been revealed.  He urged MPs to hold a fresh inquiry in the use of intelligence in the run up to the war against Iraq.  He declined to give specific examples of disinformation but said he was prepared to reveal details before a public inquiry.  Dubious data  Mr. Ritter said: ""I was brought into the operation in 1997 because at the UN... I sat on a body of data which was not actionable, but was sufficiently sexy that if it could appear in the press could make Iraq look like in a bad way.  ""I was approached by MI6 to provide that data, I met with the Mass Appeal operatives both in New York and London on several occasions. This data was provided and this data did find its way into the international media.  ""It was intelligence data that dealt with Iraq's efforts to procure wmd, with Iraq's efforts to conceal wmd. It was all single source data of dubious quality, which lacked veracity.  ""They took this information and peddled it off to the media, internationally and domestically, allowing inaccurate intelligence data, to appear on the front pages.  ""The government, both here in the UK and the US, would feed off these media reports, continuing the perception that Iraq was a nation ruled by a leader with an addiction to wmd.""  A spokesman speaking on behalf of MI6 told BBC News Online: ""The allegation that Ritter was using MI6 material is unfounded."""
"Last Updated: Wednesday, 23 June, 2004, 15:50 GMT 16:50 UK  Analysis: Iraq's military landscape By Neil Arun BBC News  The outlook for Iraq looks stormy, following a string of devastating attacks and assassinations in the run-up to the transfer of power to an interim government. BBC News Online examines the military landscape awaiting Iraq's new rulers after the handover. US soldiers in Iraq, April 2003 The US came to Iraq looking for banned weapons - but found none The invasion of Iraq was inspired by claims about Saddam Hussein's banned arsenal; the occupation of Iraq is overshadowed by concerns over the disbanding of his army.  With coalition forces and Iraqi security services battling an insurgency, correspondents say last year's decision to dissolve the defeated Iraqi army may have been the single biggest mistake of the occupation.  The 400,000 Iraqis fighting for Saddam Hussein made up what was reputed to be one of the most formidable forces of the Middle East.  They have been replaced by about 160,000 soldiers from a coalition of more than 30 countries.  America's 138,000 troops form the backbone of the force.  They are supported by smaller groups of soldiers from countries as diverse as the UK, Italy, Poland, Ukraine, Thailand, Mongolia, Albania and Azerbaijan.  Resisting them is a range of fighters almost as diverse as the coalition itself.  Attacks have been mounted by Sunni and Shia militants and militiamen, foreign jihadis perhaps inspired by al-Qaeda, opportunistic criminals, die-hard Saddam loyalists, as well as those who claim to be no more than patriotic freedom fighters.  Security apparatus  The violence appears to be worsening as the coalition prepares for the handover to an interim Iraqi government.  The insurgency is also hampering efforts to build a new Iraqi security apparatus that could eventually relieve the foreign forces of their duties.  Basra street after bomb blast Many obstacles lie ahead on the road to Iraqi sovereignty Many of these problems could have been prevented if Saddam's military had been preserved, analysts say.  The decision to shatter that monolith scattered unemployed gunmen across Iraq, many of them nursing a grudge against the coalition.  It also destroyed a ready-made security apparatus of the kind the US is now desperately trying to build.  According to the more optimistic estimates, the coalition has so far managed to partially train two-thirds of the 260,000 security personnel it believes Iraq needs.  But our correspondent says serious doubts have emerged over whether the new Iraqi forces are ready - or willing - to undertake combat operations against a committed local opposition.  Foreign troops  It has become clear recently that Iraq needs more foreign troops - and for longer than originally anticipated.  However, a broad consensus on sending an international force to Iraq continues to elude the UN and NATO.  	 COALITION FORCES IN IRAQ   Facts and figures Moreover, US President George W Bush wants to avoid pouring more American soldiers into the war zone - an unpopular move with the voters whose support he needs this year and with the military planners who are complaining of overstretch.  Correspondents say the likeliest source of re-enforcements is Britain - its 8,000 soldiers already make it the largest non-US force in the coalition.  That deployment could soon double in size.  British soldiers, operating out of Basra, currently command the south-eastern sector of Iraq.  More troops would allow the area under their command to expand to include the south-central sector, home to the Shia holy cities of Karbala, Najaf and Kufa.  The British are also keen to bring to Iraq the moveable command facility known as the Arrc, or Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, according to the BBC's defense correspondent, Paul Adams.  The Arrc currently rests in Germany, as part of the NATO structure.  Poland could also provide a possible boost to troop numbers - it is already the third-largest non-US force in the coalition, with 2,400 soldiers currently in command of Iraq's south-central sector.  Ukraine is another potential candidate - its 1,700 soldiers are also in the south-central sector, operating under the Poles.  South Korea has promised to send 3,000 troops to supplement the 465 it already has in Iraq. No date has been set for their departure but their destination is likely to be the northern town of Mosul.  The other countries in the original list of top 10 non-US coalition armies are not expected to make significant changes to their troop numbers.  Italy and the Netherlands have 2,700 and 1,400 troops respectively in Iraq, operating under British command in the south-eastern sector.  Spain, which had 1,300 soldiers in the south-central zone, withdrew its contingent earlier this year.  Of the remaining nations in the coalition, few have more than 500 personnel in Iraq, many have less than 100.  The smallest contributor is Moldova, which dispatched a squad of 24 to register its support for the ""war on terror"".  The US is likely to retain overall command of the three sectors in northern, north-eastern and western Iraq, as well as in Baghdad.  Militia ambitions  Insurgents and coalition soldiers may account for most of the violence in Iraq - but they are not the only gunmen on the landscape.  Shia pilgrim, with guard Many of Iraq's ethnic groups command their own militias Any political solution to Iraq's military crisis must take account the many militias that, at present, are neither fighting nor actively aiding the coalition.  The 10,000-strong Badr Brigade is one of the most important - an armed extension of the Shia political party, Sciri.  The Islamic Dawa party commands its own militia, estimated to have 1,500 gunmen.  There are also some 50,000 Kurdish peshmerga guerrillas in the north of the country, who cut their teeth against Saddam's army.  Some US officials hope these disparate forces will eventually unite under the umbrella of a new Iraqi army.  They cite with hope a corner of the country where an all-Iraqi force has already taken charge - Falluja.  Coalition forces laid siege to Falluja in April, after television pictures showed the city's inhabitants celebrating over the charred remains of ambushed American security guards.  A long and bloody stalemate ensued. Concern mounted over the runaway civilian death toll. Insurgents in Falluja The strength of the resistance in Falluja came as a surprise The apparent resilience of the resistance also surprised the US. But Falluja is in the so-called Sunni triangle, a city with a tradition of military service, hard hit by the disbanding of the old Iraqi army.  After a unit from the new Iraqi army refused to support the siege, the Americans hit upon a novel solution.  They enlisted a general from Saddam Hussein's old army to round up a 600-strong force of local former soldiers to take control of the city.  Falluja formula  The Americans stepped back and the new force stepped in.  On the streets of Falluja, its arrival was hailed as a victory.  Many of the men in the new force were believed to have been insurgents, who had simply traded their red-checked headscarves for the brown uniform of the Falluja Brigade.  It was a hasty solution, says the BBC's Paul Adams, and an imperfect one - Falluja is now a no-go area for Americans.  He warns that the real test of the solution will come when the new Iraqi government tries to extend its writ into the city.  If it succeeds, the Falluja formula will be hailed as an innovative way of correcting a cardinal error of the occupation - the summary disbanding of the Iraqi army.  If it fails, the formula will resemble not so much a settlement, as a surrender.  Figures for troop deployments provided by Globalsecurity.org and The Brookings Institution. Numbers do not include troops stationed at sea and in countries neighboring Iraq"
"Last Updated: Tuesday, 2 March, 2004, 16:39 GMT   Iraq Shias massacred on holy day Wounded man in Karbala Hundreds of wounded people overwhelmed nearby hospitals More than 140 people have been killed in blasts targeting Iraqi Shias as they celebrated the climax of a holy ritual in the cities of Karbala and Baghdad. US military officials say 400 were hurt in the near-simultaneous attacks of the bloodiest day since the war began.  The carnage was soon blamed on a man accused of links to al-Qaeda.  There has been confusion over what caused the blasts, but mortars may have been used in what correspondents say is an alarming new method for insurgents.  The Iraqi Governing Council offered condolences to relatives of the dead and declared three days of national mourning.  	  The civil war and sectarian strife that Zarqawi wants to inflict on the people of Iraq will not succeed Mowaffaq al-Rubaie, Iraqi Governing Council  In quotes: World reaction It is not yet known if the official mourning will delay the signing of a draft constitution planned for Wednesday.  The US military said 85 people were killed and 230 wounded in Karbala, while 58 died in Baghdad and 200 were left wounded. Hospital sources in Karbala put the numbers higher, with as many as 100 dead there.  'Evil plans'  US spokesman Brig Gen Mark Kimmitt said Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a Jordanian accused by the US of having links to Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda, was ""a prime suspect, if not the prime suspect"" in the planning of what he called ""sophisticated"" and ""well coordinated"" attacks.  	   Blasts in pictures US officials say a letter from Mr. Zarqawi urging attacks on Shia Muslims was intercepted last month.  A Shia member of the Council, Mowaffaq al-Rubaie, went further, blaming the attacks outright on Mr. Zarqawi, but saying all sections of Iraqi society were determined to move forward.  ""The civil war and sectarian strife that Zarqawi wants to inflict on the people of Iraq will not succeed,"" he said.  ""Zarqawi failed, his gang and their evil plans have failed.""  Panic  At least six explosions hit Karbala at about 1000 local time (0700GMT) aimed at the main mosque in the holy city.  The blasts sparked panic among the crowds who were able to observe Ashura - commemorating the death of Imam Hussein in 680 - freely for the first time in decades.  	 SHIA FESTIVAL: ASHURA Annual Shia festival commemorating martyrdom of Imam Hussein, grandson of Prophet Mohammad, killed at Karbala by army of Caliph Yazid in 680 Faithful strike themselves with chains and swords to atone for Hussein martyrdom The murder 19 years earlier of Ali, Hussein's father, gave rise to the central schism in Islam between Sunni and Shia  Who are the Shia? People - bloodied, with limbs lost - were carried to ambulances on stretchers made from blankets and wooden carts.  ""We were standing [next to the mosques] when we heard an explosion,"" said 18-year-old Tarar. ""We saw flesh, arms, legs and more flesh. Then the ambulance came.""  Confusion surrounded the cause of the blasts, with police officers running through the streets checking bins and boxes for more bombs. Gen Kimmitt said later that there were reports of a mortar attack in Karbala, 80km (50 miles) south of Baghdad, as well as at least one suicide bomber.  Click here for a map of Karbala The BBC's Caroline Hawley in Baghdad says the use of mortars - if confirmed - would be a new tactic for insurgents seeking to stir up sectarian tensions between Sunni and Shia Muslims.  Mortars had previously been used against coalition forces, but not Iraqi civilians.  Gen Kimmitt said three suicide bombers blew themselves up in Baghdad and a fourth was caught before detonating explosives.  Iraqi police reported they had arrested six people in connection with the attacks.  	 HAVE YOUR SAY  Many of those who protested against the war saw this coming Christian, Liverpool  Send us your comments Violence had been feared but US and other coalition soldiers had left the immediate areas around the mosques to Iraqi security forces so as not to offend religious sensibilities.  In both cities, shock soon turned to anger and foreign civilians and soldiers were targeted.  But later, in active defiance of the attacks, pilgrims continued the last day of the Ashura rituals.  Religious ceremonies of the Shia Muslims - the majority group in Iraq but suppressed under the Sunni Muslim rule of Saddam Hussein - have been targeted before.  Last August, more than 85 people were killed when a car bomb exploded outside a mosque in Shia Muslim holy city of Najaf, killing more than 85 people, including Shia leader Ayatollah Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim."
"	 Last Updated: Thursday, 11 March, 2004, 20:10 GMT   Spain's PM vows to catch bombers Wrecked carriage The blasts hit during the morning rush hour Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar has said that those who carried out the Madrid train bombings will be punished. Ten bombs exploded on trains at three stations during the morning rush hour, killing 190 and wounding 1,200.  Mr. Aznar made it clear he believed the armed Basque separatist group Eta was behind the coordinated blasts.  But Interior Minister Angel Acebes later revealed that an Islamic tape had been found with detonators in a stolen van recovered near Madrid.  The van was found in the town of Alcala de Henares - where three of the four bombed trains originated. The other train passed through the town. Where the blasts happened Mr. Acebes said the tape - one of seven discovered in the van - contained verses of the Koran, in Arabic, relating to education.  ""Because of this, I have just given instructions to the security forces not to rule out any line of investigation,"" he said.  	 Injured blast victim  I won't forget this ever - I've seen horror Ambulance worker Enrique Sanchez  Excerpts: Aznar speech However, the minister added that Eta remained the ""main line of investigation"".  A political group close to Eta has denied that it carried out the attacks.  Campaigning for Sunday's general election in Spain has been suspended, and three days of national mourning have been declared.  In a televised address, King Juan Carlos described the bombing as ""madness which has no possible justification"".  Expressing deep sympathy with the families of the victims, he said: ""Your king is suffering alongside you, is sharing your anger and is confident that the rule of law will prevail so that these cowardly assassins will answer for their crimes"". In his address, Mr. Aznar urged Spaniards to take to streets in protest at the attacks on their capital - and some have already heeded this call.   Detailed maps of where the blasts took place  In detail ""Terrorism is not blind,"" he said.  ""These terrorists wanted to cause as much damage as possible. It is a massacre. They have killed many people simply for being Spanish.""  He added: ""The criminals who have caused so many deaths today will be arrested... We will succeed in finishing off the terrorist band.""  ""Terrorist band"" is a term normally used by the government to describe Eta.  'Arab resistance' blamed  Other government ministers - and much of the country's media - have explicitly linked Eta to the attacks.  Spanish anti-terrorist sources quoted by the AFP news agency said the explosive used in the attacks on four commuter trains was of a kind habitually used by Eta.  They said the devices appeared to have been set off by remote control.  	 MAIN ETA ATTACKS July 2003: Bomb attacks in Alicante and Benidorm, 13 injured. Further explosion at Santander airport days later Jan, Feb 2000: Car bombs explode in Madrid and the Basque capital Vitoria June 1998: Car bomb kills Popular Party councilor Manuel Zamarreno July 1997: ETA kidnaps and kills Basque councilor Miguel Angel Blanco June 1987: 21 shoppers are killed in an attack on a Barcelona supermarket 1980: In ETA's bloodiest year, 118 people are killed Dec 1973: Assassination of Prime Minister Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco  ETA: Key events No warnings were issued ahead of the explosions.  The BBC diplomatic correspondent Barnaby Mason says that if Eta was responsible, the simultaneous attacks mark an unprecedented increase in scale, ruthlessness and co-ordination.  Some observers say the bombings bear the hallmarks of the Islamic militant network al-Qaeda, which has threatened revenge on Spain for its government's backing of the US-led invasion and occupation of Iraq.  And the leader of the banned Basque political party Batasuna, Arnaldo Otegi, blamed ""Arab resistance"".  ""Eta has always issued a warning whenever it left a bomb to explode,"" he said, adding: ""Spain maintains occupation forces in Iraq and we should not forget that it had a responsibility for the war in Iraq.""  Panic and chaos  The bombings are being described as the most deadly terror attack in Europe since Pan-Am Flight 103 was blown out of the sky by a bomb above the Scottish town of Lockerbie in 1988, and the worst in Spanish history.  They struck between 0730 and 0800 local time (0630-0700GMT) as trains brought thousands of people to work in the capital.  The main attack was at one of Madrid's major stations, Atocha, in the city center.  Explosions hit a train as it was entering the huge interchange shortly after 0630 GMT, while other blasts went off on a train as it was passing Tellez street just outside the terminal.  	 Bombs also tore into carriages on trains at El Pozo and Santa Eugenia stations.  ""People started to scream and run, some bumping into each other,"" Juani Fernandez, a civil servant who was on a platform at Atocha when the bombs went off, told the Associated Press.  ""I saw people with blood pouring from them, people on the ground.""  Three other devices hidden in backpacks were defused by police explosives experts.  	 HAVE YOUR SAY  There was a very big blast in the trains and everything that happened after that has been very confused Ignacio, Madrid, Spain  Send your eyewitness reports Helicopters and dozens of ambulances ferried victims to hospitals, while appeals for blood donations were broadcast on national radio.  ""It was butchery on a brutal scale,"" said Juan Redondo, an inspector for Madrid Firefighting Department. ""This catastrophe goes beyond the imaginable.""  Political and religious leaders across the world have condemned the attacks, with many describing them as an attack on democracy.  US President George W Bush said it was a ""vicious act of terrorism"" and telephoned Mr. Aznar and King Juan Carlos to express his condolences."
"Last Updated: Friday, 16 January, 2004, 18:37 GMT   Hoon 'sorry' over soldier's death Geoff Hoon, Defense Secretary Hoon says ministers should not interfere in commanders' decisions The defense secretary says he is ""extremely sorry"" a soldier killed in Iraq lacked the proper body armor - but has resisted calls to resign. Sgt Steve Roberts, 33, was told to hand back his flak jacket while serving with the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, because there were not enough to go round.  Days later, on 24 March last year, he was shot dead trying to quell a riot.  His widow Samantha has called for Mr. Hoon to quit saying he has ""blood on his hands"".  Pressure has been mounting on the defense secretary since Mrs. Roberts released an audio diary made by her husband in which he described his worries about being sent into battle without proper equipment.  	 Widow Samantha Roberts  It's for the benefit of the country for him (Geoff Hoon) to go Sgt Robert's widow Samantha  Transcript of soldier's tapes Widow demands Hoon to quit Mr. Hoon told Sky he hoped to hold a further meeting with Mrs. Roberts on Monday afternoon.  He told BBC Radio Five Live: ""As I have said to Mrs. Roberts before, I am extremely sorry that Sgt Roberts died...  ""I am also extremely sorry that Sgt Roberts did not have the enhanced body armor.  ""It is something ministers wanted to happen and indeed ministers ensured that 36,000 sets of body armor were sent to theatre for that purpose.""  Blame?  Asked about the calls for his resignation, Mr. Hoon told BBC News 24: ""I am content to await the outcome of the various investigations, not least the Hutton report, and obviously to make decisions in the light of whatever is said.""  In the audio diary to his wife, Sgt Roberts, from Shipley, West Yorkshire, called supplies to soldiers ""a joke"" and the shortages ""disgraceful"".  	 Sgt Steve Roberts  We know we're going to have to go to war without the correct equipment Sergeant Steve Roberts, from Channel 4 News  Q&A: Equipping the armed forces Mrs. Roberts claimed he had been ordered to hand his armor back so it could be given to infantrymen judged to be more at risk.  A preliminary MoD report into the death of her husband indicated armor could have saved his life.  Mrs. Roberts also claims the MoD has said her husband was killed by so-called ""friendly fire"".  On Friday, she said Mr. Hoon had not given her the apology she wanted, although she was grateful that he was sorry about her husband's death.  ""We wanted Geoff Hoon to accept responsibility and apologize for that,"" she said.  Fact of war?  BBC defense correspondent Paul Adams said military personnel to whom he had spoken thought the case ""desperately sad"" but accepted such shortages were a fact of military life.  A recent National Audit Office report concluded there had been problems with the supply of vital equipment but also praised the scale and speed of the military operation in Iraq.  Conservative shadow defense secretary Nicholas Soames, who has urged Mr. Hoon to resign, welcomed the ""apology"" but said the minister should not dodge responsibility for kit shortages.  Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman Sir Menzies Campbell said he did not like ""ritual"" resignation calls.  But he told BBC Radio 4's Today program there was a ""moral obligation"" on all politicians to ensure troops had personal protection kit.  A spokesman for the National Gulf Veterans and Families Association said defense ministers ""treat their employees in a gross and crass manner with the attitude of 'not me guv'"".  Read a selection of your comments below.  	  The British armed services have always had the best people but the poorest of equipment and political support Tommy, London I have just retired from the armed services and having served with the armed forces during the conflict I know that we did not have enough of the equipment we needed. The British armed services have always had the best people but the poorest of equipment and political support. This is yet another example of an uncaring government in their ivory towers. Tommy, London  However much planning and preparation goes into war, it is still high risk and mistakes will, unfortunately, be made. If a top minister resigns every time a mistake is made, however far along the chain, we would be changing ministers daily... Stephen  The shortages of equipment were far wider than body armor. I personally know of one soldier who sent home for boots, sunglasses and a personal first aid kit. I cannot comment further because the soldier concerned is still serving. Keith, Birmingham  Shortage of essential military safety equipment is typical of both the UK and the US. It is indeed a disgrace. High level people escape responsibility all too often. If a petty officer, sergeant or junior officer had caused the shortages you can be sure there would be an investigation followed by courts martial and punishment. Not so with high level government officials who cause many deaths and injuries because of ignorance, negligence, budget considerations, and lack of direct accountability. James H. Carlisle, San Diego, USA  	  We need more than apologies Louise, Edinburgh Mr. Hoon's apology is too little too late. We need more than apologies. If we must continue to occupy Iraq then it is clear that the troops should be much better equipped. This tragic death and many others on both sides of the conflict could have been averted if we had not rushed headlong into this ""war on terror"". Louise, Edinburgh, UK  If an employee of a company died because his safety wear was confiscated by a manager, then that company would be prosecuted by the Health and Safety Executive. Why should Geoff Hoon get away with just saying sorry? Peter Wagstaff, Mirfield, UK  What apology? Hoon said that he was sorry about what had happened but that is not the same thing as an apology. Alex  The fact of the matter is that if the Treasury did not continually squeeze the defense budget, British forces would not be sent into harm's way with obsolete and non-existent equipment. It is a disgrace the way that this government is content to bask in the kudos that the men and women of the British armed forces bring it, whilst continually cutting back on the defense budget. Adam, London  If Tony Blair insists on putting our troops in harm's way, he should at least ensure that they are protected as well as possible. The 'peace' is costing the British taxpayer a fortune already, the extra cost of properly equipping our forces would be a minimal percentage of the total. Alan Brant, New Milton, Hants"
"Last Updated: Saturday, 1 May, 2004, 05:28 GMT 06:28 UK   troops in Iraqi torture probe Daily Mirror front page The paper claims British soldiers handed over the photos The Ministry of Defense has launched an investigation into allegations that British soldiers have been pictured torturing an Iraqi prisoner. The photographs, obtained by the Daily Mirror newspaper, show a suspected thief being beaten and urinated on.  Downing Street swiftly condemned the pictures, echoing concerns it earlier expressed over images of Iraqi prisoners being abused by US troops.  The pictures involving American troops provoked international outrage.  They included a hooded and naked prisoner standing on a box with wires attached to him.  US President George W Bush vowed that those responsible would be ""taken care of"".  	  If proven, not only is such appalling conduct clearly unlawful but also contravenes the British Army's high standards of conduct Sir Mike Jackson Chief of General Staff  Row over list of US Iraq dead ""I shared a deep disgust that those prisoners were treated the way they were treated. I didn't like it one bit,"" he said.  The people who are alleged to have carried out the abuse ""do not reflect the nature of men and women we sent overseas"", Mr. Bush added.  Tony Blair's official spokesman said this behavior directly contravened the US-led coalition's policy.  Later on Friday Downing Street responded to the pictures printed in the Mirror.  A spokesman said: ""We expect the highest standards of conduct from our forces in Iraq despite the difficulties they face.""  The UK's top general, Sir Mike Jackson said if the allegations proved to be true, the members of the Queen's Lancashire regiment, involved were not fit to wear the uniform.  Defense Minister Adam Ingram told the Mirror the behavior was ""clearly unacceptable"".  	  If true, those responsible should be arrested by MoD Police and removed from Iraq immediately Paul Keetch MP Liberal Democrat defense spokesman He added: ""We have, of course, launched an immediate investigation.""  BBC defense correspondent Paul Adams said the MoD was in a ""tailspin"" over the news, which threatened the British mission to win Iraqi ""hearts and minds"".  The Mirror says the pictures were handed over by British soldiers who claimed a rogue element in the British army was responsible for abusing prisoners and civilians.  Speaking on condition of anonymity, the soldiers told the paper no charges were brought against the unnamed captive.  They allege during his eight-hour ordeal he was threatened with execution, his jaw broken and his teeth smashed.  'Losing war'  After being beaten and urinated on, he was driven away and dumped from the back of a moving vehicle, the soldiers claimed, unaware if he was dead.  The reason for making the photos public was, they said, to show why the US-UK coalition was encountering such fierce resistance in Iraq.  One told the paper: ""We are not helping ourselves out there. We are never going to get them on our side. We are fighting a losing war.""  In a press conference, Sir Mike Jackson, Chief of General Staff, said: ""If proven, not only is such appalling conduct clearly unlawful but also contravenes the British Army's high standards of conduct.  Sir Michael Jackson Sir Michael said most UK soldiers were commendable ""The allegations are already under investigation.  ""Again, if proven, the perpetrators are not fit to wear the Queen's uniform and they have besmirched the Army's good name and conduct.""  But he said the Army should not be judged on the behavior of a few soldiers who had let down the good work of tens of thousands of others.  Ahmed al-Sheik, editor-in-chief of Arab TV news channel, said the photographs would outrage Arabs around the world.  ""These scenes are humiliating not only to the Iraqis, but to every Arab citizen around the world,"" he told BBC Two's Newsnight.  Liberal Democrat defense spokesman Paul Keetch called on Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon to come to the Commons to make a statement on the allegations.  And Donald Anderson, the Labor chairman of the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Select Committee, said the pictures could hit the Army's morale.  This is not the first incidence of alleged abuse by British troops in Iraq.  Ten claims of torture have been investigated and five inquiries are ongoing, including one in which soldiers of the Queen's Lancashire Regiment, based in Catterick, North Yorkshire, have been questioned about the alleged killing of an Iraqi."
"O'Neill: Bush planned Iraq invasion before 9/11 In new book, ex-Treasury secretary criticizes administration Wednesday, January 14, 2004 Posted: 2:12 AM EST (0712 GMT) 	 Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill served nearly two years in Bush's Cabinet.   (CNN) -- The Bush administration began planning to use U.S. troops to invade Iraq within days after the former Texas governor entered the White House three years ago, former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill told CBS News' 60 Minutes.  ""From the very beginning, there was a conviction that Saddam Hussein was a bad person and that he needed to go,"" O'Neill told CBS, according to excerpts released Saturday by the network. ""For me, the notion of pre-emption, that the U.S. has the unilateral right to do whatever we decide to do, is a really huge leap.""  O'Neill, who served nearly two years in Bush's Cabinet, was asked to resign by the White House in December 2002 over differences he had with the president's tax cuts. O'Neill was the main source for ""The Price of Loyalty: George W. Bush, the White House, and the Education of Paul O'Neill,"" by former Wall Street Journal reporter Ron Suskind.  The CBS report is scheduled to be broadcast Sunday night; the book is to be released Tuesday by publisher Simon & Schuster.  Suskind said O'Neill and other White House insiders gave him documents showing that in early 2001 the administration was already considering the use of force to oust Saddam, as well as planning for the aftermath.  ""There are memos,"" Suskind told the network. ""One of them marked 'secret' says 'Plan for Post-Saddam Iraq.'""  Suskind cited a Pentagon document titled ""Foreign Suitors For Iraqi Oilfield Contracts,"" which, he said, outlines areas of oil exploration. ""It talks about contractors around the world from ... 30, 40 countries and which ones have what intentions on oil in Iraq.""  In the book, O'Neill is quoted as saying he was surprised that no one in a National Security Council meeting asked why Iraq should be invaded.  ""It was all about finding a way to do it. That was the tone of it. The president saying 'Go find me a way to do this,'"" O'Neill said.  Suskind also described a White House meeting in which he said Bush seemed to waver about going forward with a second round of tax cuts.  ""Haven't we already given money to rich people... Shouldn't we be giving money to the middle?"" Suskind says Bush asked, according to what CBS called a ""nearly verbatim"" transcript of an economic team meeting Suskind said he obtained from someone at the meeting.  O'Neill also said in the book that President Bush ""was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people"" during Cabinet meetings.  One-on-one meetings were no different, O'Neill told the network.  Describing his first such meeting with Bush, O'Neill said, ""I went in with a long list of things to talk about and, I thought, to engage [him] on. ... I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening. It was mostly a monologue.""  White House spokesman Scott McClellan brushed off O'Neill's criticism.  ""We appreciate his service, but we are not in the business of doing book reviews,"" he told reporters. ""It appears that the world according to Mr. O'Neill is more about trying to justify his own opinion than looking at the reality of the results we are achieving on behalf of the American people. The president will continue to be forward-looking, focusing on building upon the results we are achieving to strengthen the economy and making the world a safer and better place.""  A senior administration official, who asked not to be named, expressed bewilderment at O'Neill's comments on the alleged war plans.  ""The treasury secretary is not in the position to have access to that kind of information, where he can make observations of that nature,"" the official said. ""This is a head-scratcher.""  Even before the interview is broadcast, the topic became grist for election-year politics.  Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean, who is the early front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination, issued a statement in response.  ""I've always said the president had failed to make the case to go to war with Iraq,"" Dean said. ""My Democratic opponents reached a different conclusion, and in the process, they failed to ask the difficult questions. Now, after the fact, we are learning new information about the true circumstances of the Bush administration's push for war, this time, by one of his former Cabinet secretaries.  ""The country deserves to know -- and the president needs to answer -- why the American people were presented with misleading or manufactured intelligence as to why going to war with Iraq was necessary.""  Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts also issued a statement. In 2002, Kerry voted to support a resolution giving Bush authority to wage war against Iraq if it didn't dismantle its presumed illegal weapons program.  ""These are very serious charges. It would mean [Bush administration officials] were dead-set on going to war alone since almost the day they took office and deliberately lied to the American people, Congress, and the world,"" Kerry said. ""It would mean that for purely ideological reasons they planned on putting American troops in a shooting gallery, occupying an Arab country almost alone. The White House needs to answer these charges truthfully because they threaten to shatter [its] already damaged credibility as never before."""
"Paul Wolfowitz: Godfather of the Iraq war By MARK THOMPSON Monday, December 29, 2003 Posted: 2:14 PM EST (1914 GMT) 	 As tag teams go, Donald Rumsfeld and his deputy, Paul Wolfowitz, could not be more unlikely. Rumsfeld is a Cook County, Ill., politician, while Wolfowitz would be more at home at the University of Chicago, where he earned his doctorate. That makes them the most interesting one-two combination this side of Bush-Cheney.  If Rumsfeld is the face, mouth and strong right arm of the war in Iraq, Wolfowitz the intellectual godfather of the war is its heart and soul. Whereas Rumsfeld talks about Iraq like a technician, Wolfowitz sounds more like a prophet. Says a close associate of the deputy's: ""Paul asks himself every day how he can limit suffering by toppling another dictator or by helping people to govern themselves.""  Rumsfeld offered Wolfowitz his current post with an invitation to serve as his intellectual alter ego, a senior aide says. Their offices are a short walk apart along the Pentagon's E-Ring. Wolfowitz frequently slips down a back hallway, peers through a peephole into his boss's suite and, if Rumsfeld is alone, walks right in.  ""He's got great power of concentration,"" says Wolfowitz, ""so you can open the door it doesn't disturb him until he pauses, and I ask, Can you take a minute?'"" They talk half a dozen times a day, on matters small and large. Rumsfeld likes to chaff his deputy. ""If there's a grammatical error in something I've written,"" Wolfowitz says, ""he loves to correct it and say, And he has a Ph.D.!'""  Most Pentagons feature a top guy who's a big thinker and a No. 2 who's the day-to-day manager. Rummy and Wolfie (as the President calls them) have it reversed: Wolfowitz is more ideological than Rumsfeld, which has suited both men for different reasons. Wolfowitz often ventured way ahead of the rest of the Administration on foreign policy matters over the past two years, and Rumsfeld frequently let him go.  That allowed Wolfowitz to push the whole Bush team to the right, which also let Rumsfeld align himself with that crowd when it served his purpose to do so. ""Rumsfeld's a big-enough maestro to understand that Wolfowitz was the leading edge and that someone had to do it,"" a Pentagon associate says.  ""Are there times when it made him uncomfortable? Absolutely. Are there times when he had to crank it back? Yes. But did it work for him? Clearly."" Wolfowitz has spent much of his career as a fierce defender of democracy. In Ronald Reagan's State Department, he pushed autocrats in Indonesia, the Philippines and South Korea toward reform.  In George H.W. Bush's Administration, he was the Pentagon's No. 3 civilian and the first to argue that letting Saddam Hussein remain in power was a mistake. In the current Administration, he was the first to push Bush to topple Saddam in the wake of 9/11 and he did so just four days after the tragedy. Over coffee at Camp David, Wolfowitz privately broached the idea with Bush, who pulled him aside during a break and urged him to bring it up at a later meeting.  The onetime diplomat seems to lack the diplomatic gene. Wolfowitz was seen as clumsy and heavy-handed after the release on a U.S. government website of his memo barring nations that didn't participate in the invasion from winning U.S. contracts to rebuild Iraq at the same time the U.S. was trying to persuade those nations to forgive Iraq's debt. Says a Pentagon official: ""We ended up looking petty and petulant.""  The Rummy and Wolfie show may soon go off the air. It is widely believed in national-security circles that Wolfowitz may leave the Administration sometime in 2004. He has become too controversial for Bush to promote to Defense Secretary; Wolfowitz believed that U.S. troops in Iraq would be greeted with rose petals. He remains unbowed about the postwar effort.  ""I'd like to know, among those people who say we should have had better plans, just which plan they had in mind that would have prevented the murderers and torturers that raped and abused that country for 35 years from continuing to fight this destructive war until they're defeated. The bottom line is,"" he says, ""these are tough, ugly bastards."""
"Clinton defends successor's push for war Says Bush 'couldn't responsibly ignore' chance Iraq had wmd Wednesday, June 23, 2004 Posted: 7:55 AM EDT (1155 GMT)  	 Bill Clinton 	  Iraq   George W. Bush   Saddam Hussein   Bill Clinton  (CNN) -- Former President Clinton has revealed that he continues to support President Bush's decision to go to war in Iraq but chastised the administration over the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison.  ""I have repeatedly defended President Bush against the left on Iraq, even though I think he should have waited until the U.N. inspections were over,"" Clinton said in a Time magazine interview that will hit newsstands Monday, a day before the publication of his book ""My Life.""  Clinton, who was interviewed Thursday, said he did not believe that Bush went to war in Iraq over oil or for imperialist reasons but out of a genuine belief that large quantities of weapons of mass destruction remained unaccounted for.  Noting that Bush had to be ""reeling"" in the wake of the attacks of September 11, 2001, Clinton said Bush's first priority was to keep al Qaeda and other terrorist networks from obtaining ""chemical and biological weapons or small amounts of fissile material.""  ""That's why I supported the Iraq thing. There was a lot of stuff unaccounted for,"" Clinton said in reference to Iraq and the fact that U.N. weapons inspectors left the country in 1998.  ""So I thought the president had an absolute responsibility to go to the U.N. and say, 'Look, guys, after 9/11, you have got to demand that Saddam Hussein lets us finish the inspection process.' You couldn't responsibly ignore [the possibility that] a tyrant had these stocks,"" Clinton said.  Pressed on whether the Iraq war was worth the cost to the United States, Clinton said he would not have undertaken the war until after U.N. chief weapons inspector Hans Blix ""finished his job.""  Weapons inspectors led by Blix scoured Iraq for three and a half months before the U.S.-led invasion in March 2003 but left after President Bush issued an ultimatum to Iraqi President Saddam Hussein to leave the country.  ""I want it to have been worth it, even though I didn't agree with the timing of the attack,"" Clinton said.  Clinton blamed the Abu Ghraib prison abuses on poorly trained National Guard personnel and higher-ups in the Bush administration.  The former president said he was not surprised by the abuses committed by U.S. forces at Abu Ghraib but that he was surprised by their extent.  ""There is no excuse for that,"" Clinton said.  Clinton blamed the abuses on the higher echelons of the Bush administration.  ""The more we learn about it, the more it seems that some people fairly high up, at least, thought that this was the way it ought to be done,"" he said.  Implying that the United States should lead by example, Clinton said of the abuses, ""No. 1, we can't pull stunts like that, and No. 2, when we do, whoever is responsible has to pay."""
"Japan to send troops to Iraq Tuesday, December 9, 2003 Posted: 4:13 AM EST (0913 GMT) 	 Around 100 protesters demonstrated outside Koizumi's residence on Tuesday.  TOKYO, Japan (CNN) -- Japan has approved a plan to deploy non-combat troops to Iraq, paving the way for its largest overseas military mission since the end of World War II.  The move comes after an extraordinary cabinet meeting on Tuesday and follows intense debate on the matter, stirred up by the killing of two Japanese diplomats in Iraq late last month.  ""We are not going to war,"" Koizumi said, after the decision. ""The situation in Iraq is severe. We know it is not necessarily safe. But our Self-Defense Forces must still fulfill this mission.""  The troop plan is a controversial one for Japan with many critics saying such a dispatch violates the nation's pacifist constitution. Opinion polls showed most Japanese were against the Iraq war and most are now opposed to the deployment of troops.  Article nine of the constitution forbids Japan's military -- the Self-Defense Forces -- from waging war overseas. Opponents of the troop dispatch are concerned that owing to the security situation in Iraq, Japanese forces may be drawn into combat.  No Japanese soldier has fired a shot in combat or been killed in an overseas mission since World War II despite roles in international peacekeeping missions, such as in East Timor, which were made possible by a 1992 law.  But Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi -- who had previously committed to U.S. President George W. Bush to send Japanese troops -- said it would be wrong for his nation to stand by and do nothing.  ""America has made many sacrifices to create a viable democracy in Iraq,"" he said. ""Japan must be a trustworthy ally for the United States.""  The plan allows for the troops to be sent during a one-year period starting December 15 but no specific date for the dispatch or the size of the deployment was provided.  	 Reports said the ground troops will provide humanitarian assistance and help the coalition carry out operations. Reports said the ground troops will provide humanitarian assistance and help the coalition carry out operations. Media reports said initially 500 to 700 ground troops would be sent, preceded by air and naval forces as well as equipment and supplies.  The troops will provide humanitarian assistance and help coalition forces carry out operations safely, Japan's Nihon Keizai newspaper reported Tuesday. They are expected to provide water, offer medical services and rebuild schools, the daily added.  Seven or eight air force planes, three navy transport vessels and three destroyers are expected to be sent to Iraq, the reports said.  Additionally, the troops would be equipped with the heaviest armaments yet taken on a Japanese overseas mission, including anti-tank rocket launchers and recoilless guns to protect against suicide bombers in Iraq, according to the reports.  Though the constitution allows for Japan only to have forces for self-defense, parliament passed and enacted a law in July that allowed troops to be sent to help rebuild Iraq. The law, however, specifies that military personnel be sent only to ""non-combat"" zones.  Plans to send more than 1,000 troops were delayed last month after a bomb attack on an Italian military police headquarters in Iraq that killed 19 Italians and 14 locals.  The killing of the two diplomats, slain by gunmen near Tikrit last month, and the rise in attacks on non-U.S. personnel in Iraq have added to fears Japanese troops may be targeted there.  There are also worries closer to home, with many Japanese worried they may become terrorist attack targets after al Qaeda warned it would ""strike at the heart of Tokyo"" should Japan send troops to Iraq.  A recent opinion poll shows only 9 percent of Japanese support the government's plan to dispatch troops to the region. "
"Spain plans quick pullout of Iraq By CNN Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman Monday, April 19, 2004 Posted: 5:06 AM EDT (0906 GMT)   MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- Spain's 1,400 troops in Iraq will be withdrawn ""in the shortest possible time,"" the country's new prime minister said Sunday.  Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said his defense minister-designate, Jose Bono, was ordered to make the arrangements as soon as he had been sworn into office with the rest of the new Cabinet on Sunday.  Zapatero had previously said that he would bring Spanish troops home by June 30 unless the United Nations assumed political and military control in Iraq.  Zapatero said there were ""no apparent indications"" that there would be a U.N. resolution meeting his requirements by the end of June.  The announcement came a day after Zapatero assumed office from Jose Maria Aznar, who supported the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq last year.  ""I gave the order to do everything necessary to bring the Spanish troops stationed in Iraq home in the shortest time possible and with the greatest security guarantees,"" Zapatero said Sunday in a statement broadcast on national television.  The Spanish contingent is based near the Iraqi city of Najaf, where an uprising led by Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr began two weeks ago. They are part of a Polish-led multinational brigade based in southern Iraq.  The decision to pull them out of the country was Zapatero's first since taking power, having won an upset victory over Aznar's conservative Popular Party in last month's parliamentary elections.  It is an abrupt reversal of Aznar's policy, which had been to stand firmly by the Bush administration in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.  The 43-year-old prime minister was elected just three days after the deadly March 11 Madrid train bombings that killed 190 people and wounded 1,800 -- attacks blamed on Islamic terrorists.  The al Qaeda terrorist network had threatened Spain publicly for its support of the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq, and Spain's National Court has charged 18 people, including 14 Moroccans, in the bombings.  In Washington, the chairman of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee said Zapatero ""jumped the gun"" by not waiting to see what steps the United States and the United Nations will take in coming weeks.  ""I hope al Qaeda does not misinterpret this, and I hope it's temporary and the Spaniards will be back,"" Sen. John Warner, R-Virginia, told CNN.  ""If they are not willing to stay in Iraq, they could prove that they're still with us in the war on terrorism by sending those Spanish troops to Afghanistan. We need their help there.""  White House spokesman Ken Lisaius said: ""We will work with our coalition partners in Iraq and the Spanish government, and we expect they will implement their decision in a coordinated, responsible and orderly manner.""  Zapatero said Spain would continue to participate in other international peace and security missions.  Spain has 125 troops in Afghanistan, and Zapatero's aides have said he is willing to double that number. He said Spain continues to support the democratic reconstruction of Iraq and will work with the United Nations and European Union toward that end.  He said those measures would be in accord with international law -- an apparent reference to his oft-stated position that the U.S.-led war was not.  Zapatero's comments came in a statement from the prime minister's official residence and office, his first such broadcast as prime minister. He took no questions from reporters.  In other Iraq developments, U.S. troop deaths in Iraq reached 700, with 504 killed in combat, on Sunday as the military added 11 American casualties to the war's death toll. (Full story)  Pope John Paul II called on Iraqi kidnappers Sunday to show ""humanity"" and free their hostages, including U.S. Army Pfc. Keith Matthew Maupin, 20, a reservist from Batavia, Ohio. (Full story)"
"The rise and fall of a dictator For decades, Saddam Hussein was both omnipresent, elusive Sunday, December 14, 2003 Posted: 5:51 PM EST (2251 GMT) Saddam Hussein after he was cleaned up by coalition forces, left, and how he appeared when he was captured.  (CNN) -- After 24 years as the brutal ruler of Iraq and nine months as a fugitive, Saddam Hussein is now a prisoner with a bleak future.  U.S. soldiers captured Saddam in a raid on December 13, 2003. The once-defiant Iraqi leader was discovered, disheveled and unkempt, in an underground rudimental ventilated ""spider hole,"" about six-to-eight feet deep. The hole, its entrance camouflaged with bricks and dirt, was near a compound of ramshackle buildings about 9 miles outside Saddam's hometown of Tikrit.  Video taken of the 66-year-old Saddam during a medical examination after his capture showed him with a long, bushy, graying beard and matted hair. He did not resist when he was found and was uninjured, ""talkative and cooperative,"" said Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez.  ""He was a tired man,"" Sanchez said. ""Also, I think, a man resigned to his fate.""  The end of Saddam's rule began on March 19, when the U.S.-led invasion of Iraqi opened with what the Pentagon called a ""decapitation strike"" -- an unsuccessful airstrike aimed at killing the Iraqi leader.  Saddam said U.S. troops would face a bloodbath in Iraq, but his regime fell in less than a month. Advancing U.S. and British troops defaced and destroyed many of Saddam's monuments, followed later by ordinary Iraqis. Coalition forces now use many of the palaces he had built to glorify his rule as bases.  Once his regime fell, Saddam disappeared from public view and became the subject of an intense manhunt by U.S. forces, who declared him No. 1 on the coalition's list of the 55 most-wanted members of his regime.  Saddam surfaced only in audiotapes released to Arab television networks in which a voice described as his urged Iraqis to continue to resist. In the last tape, released on November 16, the speaker told Iraqis to drive out the coalition troops with ""jihad and resistance.""  Insurgents in Iraq are fighting a low-intensity guerrilla war against coalition troops. Up till Saddam's capture, hit-and-run attacks with small arms, grenades and improvised bombs have killed more than 200 U.S. and coalition troops since President Bush announced the end of major combat operations in Iraq on May 1.  A feared leader For more than two decades, Iraqis were hard-pressed to escape Saddam's gaze. On the streets of Baghdad, on monuments and buildings throughout the country, his image was everywhere. Crowds cheered his every action and decree, and thousands voiced support for his policies.  Yet despite his nearly omnipresent images before the war, the Iraqi leader was rarely seen in public, taking extreme measures to shield himself from his many enemies and to carefully craft his image. Opposition leaders based outside of Iraq, as well as U.S. officials, insist that his public support was a facade, a function of most Iraqis' fear about what would happen to them if they were to speak or act against Saddam.  An entrenched system of paranoia dominated pre-war Iraq, they contend, led by secret police charged with protecting Saddam and preserving his power. Western, Arab and Iraqi sources portrayed Saddam as a man replete with contradictions: progressive and intolerant, politically savvy and maliciously brutal, supremely powerful and personally insecure.  ""He sees himself as the figure whose name will be revered ... hundreds of years from now in Arab culture and Arab history,"" says Mark Bowden, a best-selling author and columnist for The Philadelphia Inquirer.  Saddam appeared to have a firm grip on power in Iraq before the U.S.-led invasion, having overcome military setbacks against Iran in the 1980s and the U.S.-led forces in 1991 during the Persian Gulf War. He also survived a rash of assassination attempts and years of devastating sanctions imposed by the United Nations after the Persian Gulf War.  He spent much of 2002 staring down a familiar enemy: the United States. In a speech in Cincinnati, Ohio, in October 2002, Bush quoted a former chief weapons inspector calling Saddam ""a homicidal dictator who is addicted to weapons of mass destruction.""  Yet Saddam did not back down from Bush's threats and insistence he give up power in Iraq. In early March 2003, Saddam issued a statement to the Iraqi press saying, ""It is without doubt that the faithful will be victorious against aggression and against all things, against those who are faithful.""  Although the Saddam Hussein regime is gone, coalition forces are still searching for weapons of mass destruction.  From peasantry to power Saddam was born April 28, 1937, in a rural town outside Tikrit, 100 miles north of Baghdad, into ""a very poor family, only one notch above the very bottom of Iraqi social life,"" says Amatzia Baram, an authority on Iraq and Middle Eastern history based in Haifa, Israel.  Saddam grew up without his biological father. His mother's brother (and Saddam's future father-in-law), Khairallah Talfah, an Iraqi army officer and Arab nationalist, served as a major influence in his early years.  Having moved to Baghdad as a teenager, Saddam joined the Arab Baath Socialist Party and initially dedicated to secularism, socialism and pan-Arab unionism, as a secondary school student. In 1958, he spent six months in prison for his political activities.  The next year, Saddam and several others attempted to assassinate Gen. Abdul Karim Kassem, who came to power in 1958 in a military coup. Saddam was shot in the leg during the botched attempt, but he escaped and fled Iraq. He was sentenced to death in absentia February 25, 1960, for his role in the assassination plot.  After studying in Egypt, Saddam returned to Iraq in February 1963 after the ""Ramadan Revolution,"" when Baath Party members overthrew Kassem. But months of political turmoil culminated in another coup, and Saddam was arrested again October 14, 1964.  According to the pre-war Iraqi News Agency, Saddam escaped from jail in 1967. In July 1968, he played a leading role in a coup that led to the ascension of Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr, a fellow Baath member and Saddam's cousin, as Iraq's new ruler.  As vice chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council -- in effect, al-Bakr's second-in-command -- Saddam promoted many progressive ideas in the late 1960s and early 1970s.  ""Saddam accumulated power over a period of 10-12 years,"" Bowden says. ""When you've evidenced considerable charm [and] an ability to get things done, even very idealistic and ambitious people begin to side with you.""  Executions and chemical weapons 	 Shotgun Saddam fires a shotgun into the air during a military parade. That charm was hard to detect when al-Bakr stepped down -- officially, due to illness -- and Saddam took over as president in 1979.  With a camera recording the event, Saddam told a room full of leading officials that he had uncovered a conspiracy to overthrow the government and, one-by-one, named the alleged traitors. Sixty-eight men were taken away, and 21 summarily executed.  ""He essentially betrayed many of those people who had relied on him,"" Bowden says.  In 1980, he entered a war with Iran that lasted eight years. While casualty counts on both sides vary greatly, some estimates indicate the war cost more than a million lives before ending in a stalemate. The United Nations alleged that Saddam ordered Iraqi forces to use mustard gas and nerve agents on Iranian soldiers, and that he unleashed chemical weapons on rebellious Kurds in northern Iraq in 1988.  That same year, Saddam's personal life made headlines when his eldest son, Uday, killed one of his father's top aides. After a brief exile in Switzerland, Uday returned to Iraq, where he developed a reputation for eccentric antics, including designing clothing to match his Mercedes, bringing women from other countries into Iraq for sex and shooting guns at his many wild parties, Bowden says.  Two of Saddam's sons-in-law defected from Iraq in 1995, telling Western authorities that the Iraqi government had concealed evidence of its chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs. Lured back to Iraq by promises of leniency, Saddam's sons-in-law were shot upon their return.  A year later, would-be assassins shot Uday, partially paralyzing him from the waist down. When asked by CNN while he lay in the hospital about his succeeding his father, Uday replied, ""If that was not a question from you, a foreigner, the person who spoke like this would be questioned or punished.""  That responsibility, experts say, fell to Saddam's other son, Qusay, who was reportedly being groomed by his father to someday assume control of Iraq. Saddam and his wife Sajida, his first cousin, also had three daughters.  ""Qusay [was] reputed to be a far quieter, more disciplined figure [than Uday],"" Bowden says.  Any chance of someday filling their father's shoes ended July 22, 2003, when U.S. soldiers killed Uday and Qusay in a raid on a villa in the northern city of Mosul.  Hoping to reassure Iraqis that the brothers were dead, the Pentagon allowed journalists to shoot still photographs and video of their bodies. The images were broadcast worldwide.  Obsessed with image, hygiene, security 	 Mosaic Posters, mosaics, statues and stand-alone portraits of Saddam Hussein once dominated the streets of Iraq. As his powers increased, so did Saddam's quirks and fixations, according to several men who have studied him.  The Iraqi ruler's speeches were printed in large letters so he did not have to wear glasses -- and be seen as less than perfect -- in public, Bowden says. Saddam also forbade journalists from videotaping him walking any distance, Bowden adds, so no one would see footage of his pronounced limp.  His contempt for U.S. policies notwithstanding, Saddam enjoyed watching American movies, particularly ""spy thrillers where the hero is pitted against ... an unscrupulous government,"" Bowden says. His favorites included the Oscar-winning ""The Godfather,"" and ""The Old Man and the Sea,"" based on a novel by one of his favorite U.S. authors, Ernest Hemingway.  A voracious reader, Saddam is said to have penned romantic or fantasy novels. The dictator also wrote a copy of the Quran in his own blood, according to the Iraqi media, which reported that Saddam was descended from Muhammad, the prophet of Islam.  Saddam's fear of assassination prompted him to take several extreme measures. He slept just four or five hours a night, always in secret locations, Bowden says. Not only was all of his food carefully prepared and inspected, but the chefs in each of his more than 20 palaces also cooked three elaborate meals a day - whether Saddam was to eat there or not.  ""In order to make it more difficult for people to tell exactly where he [was], all the palaces [functioned] as though [he were] present,"" Bowden says.  'A big-time gambler' Whatever his fears and challenges, Saddam showed defiance, obstinacy and a propensity to take risks ever since coming on the Iraqi political scene in the late 1950s.  ""He's a big-time gambler,"" Baram says. ""He cannot help himself. He is hooked on it.""  That boldness was evidenced in 1990, when Saddam -- his nation's economy in shambles -- ordered troops and tanks to roll into Iraq's oil-rich neighbor to the south, Kuwait. In 1991, a U.N.-backed, U.S.-led military coalition routed Iraq's forces and forced them out of Kuwait in the Gulf War.  But just like the end of Iraq's stalemate with Iran three years earlier, Saddam declared victory. His resume, which was posted on the Web site of Iraq's U.N. mission, claimed Saddam led Iraq in confronting ""the aggression launched by 33 countries led by the U.S. [as] Iraq stood strong against the invasion, maintaining its sovereignty and political system.""  During the 1990s, Saddam, the United Nations and Western powers went back and forth on sanctions, airstrikes and particularly Iraq's alleged chemical, biological and nuclear program. Charles Duelfer, a top official with the U.N. Special Commission on Iraq from 1993 until it was disbanded in 2000, said Iraq hindered the effort more than it helped, misleading inspectors and refusing access to sensitive buildings.  ""It was a great game,"" Duelfer said.  In the years before the 2003 war, Washington accused Saddam of profiting from illicit oil sales, developing weapons of mass destruction and brutally controlling his countrymen. Iraq's former Deputy Prime Minister, Tariq Aziz, said October 1, 2002, ""the things that Washington says are all untrue.""  Coalition forces have yet to find any weapons of mass destruction despite an intensive search. The use of intelligence by both the Bush administration and British Prime Minister Tony Blair to make the case for war have become political issues in both countries, with opponents of both governments claiming that Bush and Blair overstated the threat posed by Saddam's regime.  But since the U.S. invasion, hundreds of mass graves have been uncovered in Iraq, evidence of the brutal methods that Saddam employed to maintain his grip on power. "
"Eleven more U.S. troops die in Iraq Spain to withdraw troops 'in the shortest time possible' Monday, April 19, 2004 Posted: 2:51 AM EDT (0651 GMT)  BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The U.S. military added 11 more troops to the war's death roster Sunday, bringing to 700 the number of American service members killed since March of last year, 504 of them in combat.  The latest fighting included a fierce engagement Saturday between Marines and insurgents near Iraq's border with Syria.  Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, meanwhile, said he will withdraw Spanish troops from Iraq ""in the shortest time possible."" (Full story)  Zapatero, who was sworn into office Saturday, previously vowed to bring home Spain's 1,400 troops if the United Nations did not have ""political and military control"" in Iraq by June 30.  U.S. civilian administrator L. Paul Bremer said Sunday that the recent heavy fighting underscored the need for international forces to remain in the country past the June 30 handover of sovereignty to an interim government.  ""Events of the past two weeks show that Iraq still faces security threats and needs outside help to deal with them,"" Bremer said in a statement.  ""Early this month, the foes of democracy overran Iraqi police stations and seized public buildings in several parts of the country. Iraqi forces were unable to stop them.  ""It is clear that Iraqi forces will not be able, on their own, to deal with these threats by June 30 when an Iraqi government assumes sovereignty,"" Bremer's statement went on to say.  ""Instead, Iraq and troops from many countries, including the United States, will be partners in providing the security Iraqis need.""  The U.S. casualties announced Sunday included five Marines killed when a patrol came under attack by insurgents with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades near the town of Husaybah close to the Syrian border, the Marines said.  Reinforcements, backed by helicopters, also came under fire by insurgents operating from near Husaybah's former Baath Party headquarters, the military said.  The fighting continued through the night, the Marines said, pitting their troops against 120 to 150 insurgents. The Marines estimated 25 to 30 insurgents were killed in the attack.  They also reported seeing women and children surrounding mortar positions but could not tell if they were there voluntarily. They said the insurgents fired at medical helicopters carrying wounded Marines from the battlefield.  Elsewhere, three U.S. soldiers were killed Saturday when their 1st Armored Division convoy was ambushed near the southern Iraqi town of Diwaniyah.  Three Iraqi civilians and a member of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, the Mehdi Army, were also killed, Iraqi police in Diwaniyah said.  A ninth American, assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary Unit, was killed Saturday in fighting west of Baghdad in the violent Anbar province.  Officials announced two more deaths Sunday. A U.S. soldier was killed and two others injured Saturday when their tank rolled over in north Baghdad, and another soldier died of wounds received Saturday in a roadside bombing.  Najaf, Fallujah relatively calm Two Iraqi cities that have been centers of fighting between insurgents and U.S.-led coalition troops -- Najaf and Fallujah -- were relatively calm Sunday.  No talks were scheduled about the situation in Fallujah, the city west of Baghdad where fierce fighting dominated the first two weeks of April.  Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Sunday that U.S. forces in Fallujah faced the ""worst of the worst"" of Iraqi insurgents, who he said use women and children as shields.  Myers said the military sees a ""pretty good coordination"" in Fallujah between former elements of the Saddam Hussein regime and terrorists possibly coordinated by fugitive al Qaeda suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.  ""We don't know for sure that he's there, but he's been there before,"" Myers said on CNN's ""Late Edition.""  Coalition troops remained deployed outside the Shiite Muslim holy city of Najaf in south-central Iraq, where al-Sadr and his Mehdi Army were holed up.  Minor clashes were reported elsewhere in southern Iraq between al-Sadr supporters and other coalition forces.  Al-Sadr's supporters have been fighting allied troops since the coalition closed their newspaper and arrested one of his deputies in connection with the killing of a rival cleric last year.  The coalition is seeking to capture or kill al-Sadr, who is wanted for questioning in the same killing, but it is feared that military action could spark further violence.  Several parties, including Iranians, are trying to negotiate with al-Sadr.  Myers said al-Sadr ""has been marginalized"" by other Shiite clerics and that he saw no signs of Sunnis and Shiites uniting against the coalition.  ""Right now he has been so marginalized there is not a city under his control,"" Myers said. ""His militia has either melted away, or been either killed or captured.""  Al-Sadr's spokesman, Sheikh Qais al-Khazaaly, said Sunday that the cleric was ""willing to die in Najaf as his father did.""  Al-Sadr's father, Grand Ayatollah Muhammed al-Sadr, and his two older brothers were assassinated by the Saddam regime in 1999.  But, Myers said, al-Sadr's marginalization kept him at bay.  ""Why [go into Najaf] when you don't have to?"" he said. ""I think Sadr has shown by his statements that he is not only anti-coalition, he is anti-Iraqi. He does not want progress in Iraq.""  Myers also said the U.S. authorities were not concerned that Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani -- the most senior Shiite cleric in Iraq -- had rejected the violence of the insurgents as well as that of the coalition.  ""He is his own thinker,"" Myers said. ""He is for progress [and] certainly doesn't want a theocracy.""  Pope John Paul II called on Iraqi kidnappers Sunday to show ""humanity"" and free their hostages, including U.S. Army Pfc. Keith Matthew Maupin, 20, a reservist from Batavia, Ohio. (Full story)  New Iraqi military leaders chosen Amid concerns that Iraq's security forces were inadequate to the task of securing the country, defense minister Ali Allawi announced newly appointed military leaders in his ministry and said the new Iraqi military would eventually number 200,000.  ""Iraqi forces will be defensive in nature, composed of volunteers only,"" Allawi said in Baghdad. ""The military will serve their people without religious or sectarian or tribal or political discrimination.""  Allawi also said he was confident Iraqi forces would be able to handle ""the enemies of Iraq [who] are carrying out aggressive acts to get Iraq back to the old days.""  The coalition announced that the Iraqi Civil Defense Corps had captured a suspected anticoalition leader near the northern city of Tikrit early Sunday.  Hakeem Badour Khalaf, the coalition said, has been implicated in the deaths or injuries of at least three people, including two U.S. soldiers and an interpreter. "
"Report slams CIA for Iraq intelligence failures Analysts' 'group think' blamed for false assumptions on weapons Friday, July 9, 2004 Posted: 3:31 PM EDT (1931 GMT)   WASHINGTON (CNN) -- In a highly critical report issued Friday, the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee found that the CIA's prewar estimates of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction were overstated and unsupported by intelligence.  Committee Chairman Pat Roberts, R-Kansas, told reporters that intelligence used to support the invasion of Iraq was based on assessments that were ""unreasonable and largely unsupported by the available intelligence.""  The committee's conclusions are contained in a 511-page report released Friday.  ""Before the war, the U.S. intelligence community told the president as well as the Congress and the public that Saddam Hussein had stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons and if left unchecked would probably have a nuclear weapon during this decade,"" Roberts said.  ""Today we know these assessments were wrong.""  Sen. Jay Rockefeller, the leading Democrat on the 18-member panel, said that ""bad information"" was used to bolster the case for war.  ""We in Congress would not have authorized that war with 75 votes if we knew what we know now,"" the West Virginia Democrat said.  ""Leading up to September 11, our government didn't connect the dots. In Iraq, we are even more culpable because the dots themselves never existed.""  Roberts listed several points emphasized in the October 2002 National Intelligence Estimate that were ""overstated or ""not supported by the raw intelligence reporting.""  Among these were that Iraq was reconstituting its nuclear program, had chemical and biological weapons, and was developing an unmanned aerial vehicle, probably intended to deliver biological warfare agents.  He also said the intelligence community failed to ""accurately or adequately explain the uncertainties behind the judgments in the October 2002 National Intelligence Estimate to policymakers.""  Rockefeller said that the ""intelligence failures"" will haunt America's national security ""for generations to come.""  ""Our credibility is diminished. Our standing in the world has never been lower,"" he said. ""We have fostered a deep hatred of Americans in the Muslim world, and that will grow. As a direct consequence, our nation is more vulnerable today than ever before.""  The top-ranking members of the Senate committee offered different interpretations on political pressures on the intelligence community.  ""The committee found no evidence that the intelligence community's mischaracterization or exaggeration of intelligence on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction capabilities was the result of politics or pressure,"" Roberts said.  But although he approved the report, Rockefeller said it fails to explain fully the pressures on the intelligence community ""when the most senior officials in the Bush administration had already forcefully and repeatedly stated their conclusions publicly.""  ""It was clear to all of us in this room who were watching that -- and to many others -- that they had made up their mind that they were going to go to war,"" he said.  House investigation Critics of the war had expressed concerned about visits to the CIA by Vice President Dick Cheney and other officials, but the report said it found no evidence that policymakers asked inappropriate questions of analysts or tried to pressure them into changing their views.  Some GOP lawmakers on the panel successfully blocked Democratic efforts to finish the second part of the report -- how the Bush administration used the information from the intelligence community -- until after the November elections.  Rep. Jane Harman, D-California, said she hoped a similar investigation from the House of Representatives would address some of those issues, adding she was frustrated in her attempts to get the investigation off the ground.  ""There has not been the cooperation that there apparently has been on the Senate side,"" said Harman, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.  She said she had written to committee Chairman Porter Goss, R-Florida, four times. ""And just today we were able to sit down together,"" Harman said.  Goss, a former CIA agent, has been mentioned as a possible replacement for outgoing CIA Director George Tenet, who was blasted in the Senate report. Tenet has resigned and leaves office Sunday.  ""I would hope we could address [the issues] factually and on a bipartisan basis, but at the moment I don't have a lot of confidence in it,"" Harman said.  Rockefeller said the administration's position was that Iraq stockpiled weapons and actively pursued a nuclear weapons program and that it ""might use its alliances with terrorist organizations, including al Qaeda, to use these weapons to strike at the United States.""  Rockefeller said that ""no evidence existed of Iraq's complicity or assistance in al Qaeda's terrorist attacks, including 9/11.""  The report said that intelligence analysts were ""accurate and not affected by a lack of relevant source or operational detail"" in making a connection between Iraq and terrorism -- although it did say that contacts between al Qaeda and Iraq in the 1990s ""did not add up to an established formal relationship.""  Roberts: Case for war based on 'flawed' information Roberts said President Bush and Congress sent the country to war based on ""flawed"" information provided by the intelligence community.  He said the panel concluded that the intelligence community suffered ""from what we call a collective group think, which led analysts and collectors and managers to presume that Iraq had active and growing WMD programs.""  Roberts said this ""group think caused the community to interpret ambiguous evidence, such as the procurement of dual-use technology, as conclusive evidence of the existence of WMD programs.""  The report criticized the CIA and Defense Intelligence Agency's Defense Human Intelligence Service for their handling of an informer code-named ""Curveball,"" noting that the latter ""demonstrated serious lapses in handling such an important source.""  Over and over, the report noted, analysts had exaggerated what they knew and left out, glossed over or simply dismissed dissenting views.  The report said that the intelligence community eliminated caveats about assessments when it compiled a document hurriedly released to the public in October 2002, thus misrepresenting ""their judgments to the public which did not have access to the classified National Intelligence Estimate containing the more carefully worded assessments.""  The National Intelligence Estimate was used to persuade Congress to authorize war, but administration officials for weeks already had been putting out the kind of information found in it.  Regarding Secretary of State Colin Powell's February 2003 speech to the United Nations -- in which he presented the U.S. case for war -- the report said that much of the information from the CIA ""was overstated, misleading or incorrect.""  Roberts said the most troubling finding was the lack of human intelligence in Iraq.  ""Most alarmingly, after 1998 and the exit of the U.N. inspectors, the CIA had no human intelligence sources inside Iraq who were collecting against the WMD target,"" Roberts said.  He said most of the problems come from a ""broken corporate culture and poor management and cannot be solved by simply adding funding and also personnel.""  Roberts also called intelligence failures before the war ""global"" and not confined to the United States."
"Spain threatens Iraq pull-out Monday, March 15, 2004 Posted: 4:19 PM EST (2119 GMT)   Zapatero says his priority is fighting terrorism. 	  MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- Spain's prime minister-elect has described the country's participation in the war in Iraq as ""a total error,"" and says he plans to withdraw 1,300 Spanish troops in June.  Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero told a news conference Monday that if the U.N. did not take over control of Iraq, he believed Spanish troops would come back on June 30 -- the date the Coalition Provisional Authority is scheduled to turn over power to an interim Iraqi government.  ""If the U.N. doesn't take control of Iraq, I think Spanish troops are going to come back, and the date is June 30,"" he said. ""I don't think the administration in Iraq is the best.""  Zapatero and the Socialist Party were swept into power in Sunday's Spanish election, three days after commuter train bombings killed more than 200 people and injured 1,500 others.  Three minutes silence in memory of the victims was observed Monday in European Union states at noon across most of the continent.  The surprise victor in the election over Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's Popular Party, Zapatero vowed that fighting terrorism would be his first priority as he sets about creating an administration ""that will work for peace.""  ""I am going to fight the violence that also is attacking other nations in this world,"" he told reporters.  For that he was asking for the support of the Spanish people, he said.  ""I want to create an alliance against violence and all kinds of terrorism,"" he said. ""I don't want to create my own war.""  Zapatero said he wants to maintain his country's ""cordial"" relations with the United States, even though he did not support the U.S.-led war on Iraq.  ""The Socialist Party is going to keep relationships with all the governments of the world, including the United States, even though we don't agree on some issues,"" Zapatero said. ""That is part of democracy -- that we get along with every single nation.""  He said he wanted to develop better ties with neighboring Morocco, even though three of the five men arrested in relation to last week's bombings in Madrid are Moroccan.  Investigators suspect that one of them, Jamal Zougam, has ties to the alleged ringleader of al Qaeda in Spain. (Full story)  A Moroccan official told CNN Monday that Zougam also is suspected of playing a role in a series of bombings in Casablanca last May that killed more than 30 people. The brother of a friend of Zougam was arrested for his involvement in the attacks.  In Washington, Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Indiana., chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, expressed disappointment at the prospect of Spain's withdrawal of its forces from Iraq, and implied such a move could have consequences for Spain.  ""Spain would have to reconsider carefully its role in Europe,"" he said. Asked whether he was suggesting that Spain's position in NATO and Europe might be damaged, he said: ""My own guess is that it would be, at least temporarily.""  Warsaw's Ambassador to NATO has told Reuters that Poland is willing to stay in command of the stabilization force in central-south Iraq if Spain withdraws.  Spain had been due to take charge of the division on July 1. (Full story)"
"Gen.: U.S. in Iraq until Iraqis ready Pentagon announces latest U.S. reservist mobilizations Thursday, November 27, 2003 Posted: 12:51 AM EST (0551 GMT) U.S. Central Command Chief Gen. John Abizaid said building an Iraqi security capacity at all levels is the military's biggest challenge.  KIRKUK, Iraq (CNN) -- U.S. troops will remain in Iraq until the country is able to properly defend itself, the head of U.S. Central Command said Wednesday.  Army Gen. John Abizaid said the most important military challenge ahead for the U.S.-led coalition ""is to build an Iraqi security capacity, all the way from the police level up to the national army level, that is militarily effective and loyal to the established civil government.""  ""It's essential that the troops be trained, that they be disciplined and that they have respect for law and order and the dignity of the Iraqi people,"" he said during a tour of Iraq.  ""That hasn't necessarily been the norm in this country before, and that's not a challenge we should underestimate.""  Abizaid also said everyone involved in the transition should understand ""that this is not a rush to failure. It's a rush to victory.""  ""When I say a rush, it doesn't mean that it will be imprudent, or that it will be the rapid withdrawal of forces,"" he said.  ""It will be a slow period of working together with Iraqis to rebuild the country, to make it a more stable place, to turn power over to Iraqis in a credible and thoughtful manner.""  Al-Duri wife, daughter detained U.S. forces have detained one of the wives and a daughter of Izzat Ibrahim al-Duri, believed to be a key planner and financier of the anti-coalition insurgency, a U.S. military spokesman said. Al-Duri is No. 6 on the coalition's list of 55 most-wanted Iraqis.  The two women and the son of al-Duri's physician were taken into custody after a raid Tuesday morning near Samarra, about 75 miles (120 kilometers) north of Baghdad, said Lt. Col. Bill McDonald, spokesman for the 4th Infantry Division in Tikrit.  All three were being held at an undisclosed location for questioning, McDonald said.  The U.S. military identified al-Duri's wife as Janar Majid Khalil Ibrahim and his daughter only as ""Alba."" A military official identified the son of al-Duri's doctor as Adel Al Juraysi, the son of ""Dr. Sami.""  There was no sign of al-Duri, 61, who is reportedly in failing health, in the vicinity of the building where the women were captured, McDonald said.  A U.S. military source said all three were captured at a farm in Abu Delaf just outside Samarra as U.S. troops were searching about 10 buildings there. The troops were tipped off the women's location by an Iraqi source close to the family, a source said.  The military official said between 150 to 200 people took part in a ""nonviolent protest"" after the three were detained. The protesters reportedly said the three had nothing to do with al-Duri.  Iraqi police helped break up the demonstration, which ended peacefully, the official said.  Last week, the military intensified its efforts to capture or kill al-Duri, the former vice chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council, according to Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt, coalition deputy chief of operations.  Last Wednesday, the coalition announced a $10 million reward for the capture of al-Duri, dead or alive. This makes him the second most wanted member of the Saddam Hussein regime after the former Iraqi leader, who carries a $25 million reward.  U.S. forces fired howitzers and a precision laser-guided missile on November 17 to destroy an abandoned palace north of Tikrit owned by al-Duri.  Straw: British troops 'here for the long-term' British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Wednesday British troops ""are here for the long-term to see Iraq through to a better future.""  Straw met with members of the Iraqi Governing Council in Baghdad. He said he could not say when British troops would fully withdraw.  A procession follows the body of Pvt. Sheldon Hawk Eagle at the Black Hills National Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota, on Tuesday.  Hawk Eagle was killed this month when two Army helicopters collided in Iraq. A procession follows the body of Pvt. Sheldon Hawk Eagle at the Black Hills National Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota, on Tuesday. Hawk Eagle was killed this month when two Army helicopters collided in Iraq.	 ""What I can say is that we, and I'm sure I speak for the Americans and the other coalition forces, will stay as long as the Iraqi government and the Iraqi people want us to stay and there is a job for us to do.  ""As British Prime Minister Tony Blair has said on many occasions, we are here for the long-term to see Iraq through to a better future.""  Straw said security issues in Iraq are a top priority.  ""Everybody understands that there are security problems, and I for one have never sought to underestimate those,"" he said during a news conference.  ""But what I'm told and I believe, is that life for a very large number of people in Iraq is considerably better in terms of their living standards and would be infinitely better when we can get on top of the security situation.""  Other developments   Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld approved the mobilization Wednesday of more than 17,000 reservists for deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan, in line with previously announced plans. (Full story)    Early Wednesday, elements of the 82nd Airborne Division raided a house and captured four people, including Brig. Gen. Khalid Arak Hatimy, a former Saddam bodyguard, U.S. Central Command said. Three improvised explosive devices were discovered and disarmed during the operations, in which a Central Command statement said ""one enemy was killed, one wounded, and 24 captured.""    U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan plans to hold consultations Monday on the future of Iraq with representatives of the country's neighbors and members of the Security Council, the United Nations said. The participants will be the five permanent Security Council members -- China, France, Russia, Britain and the United States -- four elected members -- Angola, Chile, Germany and Pakistan -- plus Egypt and countries bordering Iraq -- Turkey, Iran, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Syria."
"Bush, Blair: Libya to dismantle WMD programs Gadhafi vows 'transparent and verifiable' process, Blair says Saturday, December 20, 2003 Posted: 9:40 AM EST (1440 GMT) President Bush says Col. Moammar Gadhafi has agreed to let international weapons inspectors enter Libya.  WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Libya has tried to develop weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles in the past, but has agreed to dismantle the programs, President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Friday in simultaneous televised speeches.  Bush said Libya's leader, Col. Moammar Gadhafi, had ""agreed to immediately and unconditionally allow inspectors from international organizations to enter Libya.  ""These inspectors will render an accounting of all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons programs and will help oversee their elimination,"" Bush said.  Libya's nuclear weapons program was ""much further advanced"" than U.S. and British intelligence had thought, and included centrifuges and a uranium enrichment program, all necessary components in making a nuclear bomb, a senior administration official said Friday. (Full story)  Hans Blix, the former chief U.N. weapons inspector, said Saturday Libya's decision to dismantle its weapons of mass destruction, is ""welcome"" and surmised the action might have been spurred by Gadhafi's fear over ""what he saw happen in Iraq."" (Full story)  ""I think we have to learn what did they (Libya) have. They say that they will adhere to the Non-Proliferation Treaty for nuclear weapons. They are already party to that treaty and they have had inspections for years,"" said Blix, interviewed in Sweden.  In a televised address from London, England, Blair said Gadhafi had approached British and U.S. officials in March to see if they could resolve the issue of its weapons programs.  ""Libya has stated that weapons of mass destruction are not the answer for Libya's defense,"" Blair said. ""Libya's actions entitle it to rejoin the international community.  ""Libya has declared its intention to dismantle its weapons of mass destruction and to limit the range of Libyan missiles to no greater than 300 kilometers,"" Blair said, adding that the Libyan leader has agreed ""that this process will be transparent and verifiable.""  Libya also agreed to adhere to international agreements on chemical weapons and sign an additional protocol with the International Atomic Energy Agency, the nuclear watchdog group.  ""This decision by Colonel Gadhafi is an historic one and a courageous one, and I applaud it,"" Blair said. ""It will make the region and the world more secure.""  He added, ""It demonstrates, too, that countries can abandon programs voluntarily and peacefully.""  CIA and British intelligence officials met with Gadhafi and other senior Libyan officials as the three governments negotiated the deal under which the Libyan government would give up its weapons of mass destruction programs, U.S. officials said. CIA officials also visited key sites in Libya during a nine-month period of negotiations that started with meetings in various European capitals.  U.S. officials say Libya has a program to develop a nuclear weapon, including facilities to process and enrich uranium. It has a stockpile of chemical weapons and dual-use facilities that could be used to create biological weapons. The Libyans say they no longer have programs to produce chemical or biological weapons. They have a largely dormant program to develop medium-range missiles based on Scud technology.  According to Jane's, a defense publication based in London, U.S. intelligence officials believed China was helping Libya develop its existing Al-Fatah missile program and that the Libyans were also seeking North Korean long-range missile technology.  ""Opposing proliferation is one of the highest targets of the war on terror,"" Bush said. ""The attacks of September 11th, 2001 brought tragedy to the United States and revealed a future threat of even greater magnitude. Terrorists who kill thousands of innocent people would, if they ever gained weapons of mass destruction, kill hundreds of thousands, without hesitation and without mercy.""  He added: ""Colonel Gadhafi's commitment, once it is fulfilled, will make our country more safe and the world more peaceful.""  Bush said U.S. pressure on North Korea and Iran and the war in Iraq ""have sent an unmistakable message to regimes that seek or possess weapons of mass destruction: Those weapons do not bring influence or prestige. They bring isolation and otherwise unwelcome consequences.  ""Another message should be equally clear: Leaders who abandon the pursuit of chemical, biological and nuclear weapons and the means to deliver them will find an open path to better relations with the United States and other free nations.""  International isolation He said Libya's decision would help lift it out of its isolation.  ""With today's announcement by its leader, Libya has begun the process of rejoining the community of nations,"" Bush said. ""Colonel Gadhafi knows the way forward: Libya should carry out the commitments announced today. Libya should also fully engage in the war against terror.""  This summer, Libya took responsibility for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, in 1988, which killed 259 people aboard the plane and 11 on the ground.  As part of that deal, Libya agreed to pay each family as much as $10 million -- $4 million when the United Nations lifted sanctions. The U.N. Security Council voted in September to remove the sanctions. U.S. sanctions have remained in place.  Bush also urged Libya to pursue internal reform. However, he warned that ""because Libya has a troubled history with America and Britain, we'll be vigilant in assuring its government lives up to all its responsibilities.  ""Yet ... old hostilities do not need to go on forever,"" Bush said. ""I hope that other leaders will find an example in Libya's announcement today."""
"Coalition may hike Iraqi army pay Meager salaries push Iraqi soldiers to quit Saturday, December 13, 2003 Posted: 5:06 PM EST (2206 GMT) A representative of the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq says that some 300 of 700 members of the new Iraqi army have resigned.  BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- U.S.- led coalition leaders are considering pay raises for members of the new Iraqi army after about half of the recruits resigned, the U.S. general in charge of Iraqi military operations said in a news conference Saturday.  Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez said the exodus was primarily from married soldiers who were trying to support their families on $60 a month.  ""That's where our challenges are, and that's what we're looking into,"" Sanchez said.  About 300 of 700 members of the new Iraqi army have quit. The first and only battalion of the new army serves under the U.S. Army's 4th Infantry Division.  Sanchez said that while it is a setback for the one battalion in question, recruiting for the Iraqi army ""is up to what is needed.""  ""I believe our targets for building the new Iraqi army are still valid. We're not seeing a challenge in recruiting"" for the Iraqi Civil Defense Corps.  The coalition is hopeful that a growing Iraqi force will help them defeat the protracted guerrilla fight against the coalition.  More soldier deaths Insurgent attacks killed two more U.S. soldiers Friday in separate incidents, one of which involved an improvised explosive device that detonated as a U.S. convoy passed, the military said.  The crude bomb went off about 6:30 a.m. (10:30 p.m. ET Thursday) near the town of Ramadi, about 60 miles west of Baghdad. A convoy carrying members of Task Force All American was traveling on the road at the time.  Three soldiers were wounded in the blast, but one later died at a field hospital, the military said. The condition of the two other soldiers was not immediately released.  Earlier Friday, the military said a soldier with the U.S. Army's 1st Armored Division died from a ""non-hostile gunshot wound."" The soldier, whose identity was not released pending notification of next of kin, died around 3:20 a.m. (7:20 p.m. Thursday ET). Further details about what happened were not available.  The two deaths Friday brings to 455 the number of U.S. troops killed since the start of the Iraq war. Of those 312 have died from hostile fire, while 143 deaths have been classified as non-hostile.  There is no reliable source for Iraqi civilian or combatant casualty figures from the period of major combat or after May 1. The Associated Press reported an estimated 3,240 civilian Iraqi deaths between March 20 and April 20, but the AP reported that the figure was based on records of only half of Iraq's hospitals and the actual number is thought to be significantly higher.  Other developments   Shoshana Johnson, who was a prisoner of war for 22 days after being shot in a March ambush that killed nine, was discharged from the Army on Friday. (Full story)    Thursday night, a rocket attack in Baghdad jolted the ""Green Zone,"" the location of the Coalition Provisional Authority and the nerve center of U.S. operations. Two U.S. soldiers sustained minor injuries. Insurgents targeted the Coalition Provisional Authority headquarters in November, but no one was injured.     A Pentagon audit is raising questions about whether a subsidiary of Halliburton -- an oil services company once run by Vice President Dick Cheney -- overcharged the U.S. government $61 million for gasoline imported from Kuwait to Iraq. The contract is being reviewed, and Halliburton will have to justify the sum. (Full story)    Also Thursday, President Bush defended the decision to limit the competition for $18.6 billion worth of Iraq reconstruction contracts to countries that supported the war, despite sharp international protests. (Full story)"
"Spain: Intelligence agents 'assassinated' in Iraq Seven killed, one wounded in ambush south of Baghdad Saturday, November 29, 2003 Posted: 7:00 PM EST (0000 GMT) An ambulance leaves the scene of an ambush in which seven Spanish intelligence agents died Saturday.  BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- In a highway ambush that Spain's defense minister called an assassination, Iraqi insurgents killed seven Spanish intelligence agents Saturday as their eight-person convoy motored south from Baghdad.  ""Seven agents of the National Intelligence Center have been assassinated. An eighth has survived,"" Defense Minister Federico Trillo said in a brief, grim statement broadcast on Spanish television.  Trillo said the attack occurred about 3:45 p.m. (7:45 a.m. EST) in an area under U.S. control. It took place near Suwayrah, 30 miles south of Baghdad, on the main highway connecting Baghdad to Hillah.  The eight agents were headed south in a convoy when their two civilian cars were ambushed by insurgents with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons.  Trillo identified the survivor as Jose Manuel Sanchez Rivera, and said he was slightly wounded. The defense minister expressed condolences to the family members in brief, grim remarks.  The eight were on a rotation. Four were to remain in Iraq, and four were to return to Spain.  The bodies were recovered by U.S. troops and taken to a morgue. Senior officials from Spain's intelligence agency were traveling to Baghdad to recover the bodies.  President Bush offered his condolences to Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar, according to a written statement issued by a White House press duty officer in Washington.  ""This afternoon President Bush called President Aznar to express his sympathy on behalf of the American people for the loss of seven Spanish intelligence agents in Iraq today.""  ""Aznar thanked Bush for the call and reaffirmed his support for our joint efforts in Iraq,"" duty officer Allen Abney said.  Spanish state radio said opposition party leader Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, the leader of Spain's Socialist Party, which is opposed to the war, also called the prime minister to express his sorrow over the killings.  Eyewitnesses said one or two cars carrying insurgents were following the Spaniards, who were traveling south in two four-wheel-drive vehicles.  They were fired on by gunmen in the cars and by people on the side of the road in what appeared to be a coordinated ambush.  A 30-minute firefight followed, witnesses said.  Three bodies lay in the road and two in the median, said Rajiv Chandrasekaran, a Washington Post reporter in Iraq. Others at the scene said there were two additional bodies in a burned vehicle.  A boisterous crowd at the scene chanted pro-Saddam Hussein slogans and kicked the bodies after the killings.  These were not the first casualties Spain has suffered in Iraq.  In October, a Spanish diplomat attached to Spain's intelligence agency was shot and killed near his residence. The diplomat, Jose Antonio Bernal Gomez, 30, lived outside a secure area.  Spain -- which has about 1,300 troops stationed in the Polish-controlled sector of Iraq between Baghdad and Basra -- withdrew a half-dozen of its staff earlier this month, not long after the diplomat's death.  Those workers were sent to Jordan, while housing for members of the Spanish mission was moved to a more secure location.  In addition, a Spanish naval officer was killed in the bombing of the U.N. headquarters in Baghdad on August 19. Manuel Martin-Oar survived the initial blast but died later from his wounds.  The vast majority of people in Spain have opposed the war in Iraq, despite the government's support of the U.S.-led effort."
"We got him' By NANCY GIBBS Monday, December 15, 2003 Posted: 12:30 PM EST (1730 GMT)  Inside the daring nighttime raid that nabbed Saddam   and what it means for Bush and Iraq  Even before he is brought to trial, there was justice in the news that Saddam Hussein had survived by being buried alive. Like a pharaoh in his tomb, he had surrounded himself with symbols of his lost power   two AK-47s, a pistol, $750,000 in $100 bills.  The Butcher of Baghdad was nestled underground with pictures of Ben Franklin. The hunt for Saddam that began with a hellfire of bombs eight months ago ended without a shot being fired.  It was soldiers from the Raider Brigade of the Army's 4th Infantry Division who dug him out of the 8-ft.-deep spider hole; the palace monster of monuments and torture chambers had been reduced to the life of a bug. His captors picked through his shaggy hair, the raccoon beard. They scraped his throat, checked his teeth. ""Merry Christmas,"" said the soldiers to one another, and they lit cigars and took pictures and smiled.  It was a relief to see him made small enough to handcuff because the phantom had become too big, and you can't bring peace to a haunted house. Bribes and threats and rockets and satellites had failed to find him, even with the world's mightiest army conducting the manhunt.  The President had stopped talking about him, as if he were superstitious or trying to change the subject. People bought Saddam golf balls, Saddam pinatas, voodoo dolls, to satisfy the need to hit back and not feel helpless every time he taunted his hunters with a new videotape to rally his followers, every time we heard of a new ambush conducted in his name.  With his capture, we exhale, after a long, deep breath we have held for a year. We can measure the meaning of his capture by the measures we have taken   old alliances and long traditions discarded to go to war to take him out and, in the name of democracy, a war that was opposed by vast majorities in most democracies on earth.  Hundreds of soldiers killed, hundreds more wounded, $4 billion a month spent and billions more to come, a country broken in pieces that we will be helping rebuild for years to come. And so what is the gift this capture has brought? Perhaps a true taste of freedom from fear for 25 million people who could never quite have faith that the tyranny was over while the tyrant was still loose.  It was an antidote to the contempt expressed by Arab and European commentators who poked the American tiger: See, you can't even catch Saddam.  ""The capture of this man was crucial to the rise of a free Iraq,"" Bush said in a nationally broadcast address from the Cabinet Room. ""It marks the end of the road for him and for all who bullied and killed in his name.""  Other implications of Saddam's capture are less clear. Will it encourage Bush to reach out to other European allies to help in the policing and reconstruction of Iraq, or will he be encouraged to stick to his current course?  And how will this victory affect Bush's re-election campaign in 2004   and, perhaps more to the point, the campaigns of the Democratic candidates, including front runner Howard Dean, who want to replace him?  It was a team of 600 soldiers from the 4th Infantry Division and U.S. special forces that acted on the tip that Saddam was hiding in a little town called al-Dawr, 15 miles from his hometown of Tikrit.  These soldiers had been scouring the area for months in the belief that he would stay close to home, where loyalty among those who most benefited from his rule still ran deep. U.S. intelligence sources tell Time that over the past month they were getting better leads.  ""In the last three to four weeks, our forces have been able to capture people we've been hunting all summer,"" said Lieut. Colonel Steven Russell, the commander of the 4th's 1-22 Infantry Regiment.  ""This was the inner circle, and we were taking pieces out of it."" Last week they could tell they were getting closer and closer. ""Four days ago, an individual was captured that led to the capture of the man we believed was Saddam's right-hand man,"" Russell told Time. ""He was captured two days ago. Information he had led to information that led to the capture of Saddam Hussein.""  But the pressure was also intense. Just the week before, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was in the region pressing the officers about why this was taking so long. Sitting in front of walls lined with maps and flat video screens, Rumsfeld marveled at the elusiveness of the quarry.  ""I'm dumbfounded when I think about it,"" he told Army Major General Raymond Odierno, commander of the 4th Infantry. ""The chances of us using that kind of money to find somebody   to figure out how to invest some time and develop a network and produce the information that would do it   I mean, that ought to be doable.""  But it was not until 8 o'clock on Saturday night, with the launch of Operation Red Dawn, that they finally began to close in on the prize. The hunters spread out across two locations, labeled Wolverine One and Wolverine Two. Locals in al-Dawr say the house is owned by Qais al-Nameq, who was a personal attendant of Saddam who returned a few years ago.  His two sons were arrested along with Saddam. These residents say al-Nameq was arrested and the second location the Americans searched was his farm. At first, the searches of a rural farmhouse, however, turned up little that was suspicious. But after all these years of deception, all these months of hunting, given Saddam's reputation for tunnels and safe rooms and secrets, the soldiers knew to scrape the paint off the walls in the event he was hiding behind them.  So they cordoned off the area and took out their tweezers, searching every corner. On the premises there was a small, walled compound with a mud hut and a metal lean-to. There they found the entrance to the hole, camouflaged with dirt and bricks, with just enough space to lie down, a fan and an air vent. It appears he had been shuttled around in an orange-and-white taxi.  U.S. ground-forces commander in Iraq Lieut. General Ricardo Sanchez said Saddam put up no fight, was talkative, cooperating. Says a top White House aide: ""He was very forthcoming about who he was.""  President George W. Bush first got word from Rumsfeld on Saturday afternoon in a call to Camp David. ""We think we may have him,"" Rumsfeld announced, and the President said to keep him informed. The President had already planned to return to the White House early to avoid a snowstorm descending on the mid-Atlantic coast that could have prevented his attending a special Christmas show taping the next day.  Bush called Adnan Pachachi, the acting president of the Iraqi governing council, to congratulate him; as they were trying to get him on the cell phone Pachachi was with Bremer at Saddam's holding location. He couldn't take the phone immediately because he was berating the fallen dictator.  ""Ladies and gentlemen, we got him,"" Ambassador L. Paul Bremer, tears in his eyes, told the news conference, which erupted in cheers. ""Iraq's future, your future, has never been more full of hope. The tyrant is a prisoner."" From the first moment the American video of Saddam in custody began rolling, Iraqi journalists stood and screamed. Some yelled, ""Kill him! Kill Saddam.""  The people of Baghdad caught the spirit of hope and pain, firing bullets into the sky and throwing candy, lighting firecrackers in the street. ""They got Saddam!"" ""The devil is gone."" It was like a wedding day, or perhaps more a birthday. ""We will be friends with the Americans because of this,"" said a delighted Syed Hassan al Naji, the Baghdad commander of gadfly cleric Moqtada Sadr's militia, the Army of Mehdi.  In his white turban and long robes, Al-Naji beamed with pleasure in his neighbor's house in Sadr City as the news came out over the Arabic news channels. ""This is a great day.""  Hashim Kamal al Naami, a 78-year-old political exile living in Ukraine started crying when he heard that the rumors of Saddam's capture were confirmed. ""I can't believe it,"" he said over a satellite phone to his son in Baghdad.  A lawyer and retired staff brigadier for the Iraqi Army who was openly critical of Saddam's regime, al-Naami finally concluded that it is now safe to return, after more than a decade of living abroad. ""There's no need for me to stay away anymore,"" he said over the phone. While he was speaking, his Iraqi friends were planning a celebration in the Yalta town hall for the hundreds of Iraqi political exiles who live in the area.  ""It's not only the living Iraqis that are celebrating,"" he said. ""Even the dead Iraqis are celebrating in their graveyards.""  SPACE IMAGING VIA KEYHOLE INC.  There was no celebration in Tikrit, Saddam's home town, and elsewhere former regime members were sullen and glum, looking for further proof, refusing to believe even when word came that the confirmation went beyond the local authorities, beyond the CIA and the Pentagon, down to the level of his scars and his cells, a DNA test.  According to Senator Pat Roberts, head of the Senate Intelligence Committee, the U.S. had some of Saddam's senior aides driven to Tikrit to view him and confirm it was him. A shopkeeper there named Basim al-Tikriti said, ""I am shocked. I cannot move my body. I feel like I am frozen.""  Does this mean that the attacks on U.S. soldiers every day, the roadside bombs and downtown ambushes and mortars fired at headquarters would die away? There never was good evidence that Saddam was controlling the insurgency, and the circumstances in which he was found   hiding in a hole, accompanied by an entourage of only two   suggest he was too isolated to play any central role.  However, his arrest could still profoundly rattle the resistance. The Pentagon estimated that nine of 10 insurgents were former regime loyalists. To the extent they were driven by a rational agenda   restoring the old regime to power   they are now deprived of their end goal.  The insurgents are, for the most part, Baathists, and throughout his rule Saddam was the party and the party was Saddam. I think it will let the wind out of the sails,"" says Russell. ""And if not, these people who continue to support him are completely stupid.""  There are practical reasons to think Saddam's capture may help quell the resistance. For one thing, even if Saddam's leadership was not central to the insurgency, his money likely was. Many of the resistance fighters the U.S. has picked up were essentially mercenaries, former criminals or jobless men who were paid to strike U.S. forces.  His arrest increases the chance that Iraqis will feel safe to turn in other insurgents, as happened after the siege that ended in the deaths of Saddam's sons Uday and Qusay.  There remains, however, the resistance fighters who have no loyalty to Saddam but fight for other, larger causes. They will likely be affected in different ways: the jihadis are not known to have yet established in Iraq their own infrastructure for fighting.  Rather, they are thought to have joined up with Baathists, who can provide them the intelligence, the money, the munitions and the vehicles to deliver them in their attacks. To the extent the Baathists are hurt, they may be hurt too.  At the same time, no one is expecting the conflict to end abruptly, especially the military commanders who work out of one of Saddam's ornate palaces overlooking the Tigris River in Tikrit. ""We expect a spike in enemy activity,"" says Captain Mitch Carlisle. ""We're more focused on alert than ever. We're not letting our guard down at all.""  The news meant that the man George Bush vowed to hunt down was now at his mercy, and so he has choices to make. He could declare victory and go home, but nothing in his reflexes or rhetoric suggests that, having placed Saddam in a cage, he is inclined to leave his other promises unfulfilled.  And so the latest in the series of tests of a President's instincts and motives comes to this: Does he trust the people he says he went to war to free to do the right thing? If a sense of justice is the necessary rock on which democracies stand, how can anyone other than his countrymen have a greater right to put him on trial? But how would that work, who leads the prosecution, who defends him, and what laws apply?  ""There's an Iraqi catharsis that has to take place,"" says one senior State Department official. ""The nation has to see it on their TVs and they have to feel like they did it.""  That the Americans captured Saddam alive spares Bush the problem he faced after Saddam's sons were killed last summer: even after camera crews were allowed to film the dead bodies of Uday and Qusay, many Iraqis remained unconvinced it was them. Given the depraved legacies of the sons, it was like trying to convince the Iraqis that the devil had been killed.  This time, the devil is in custody, walking, talking, clearly himself. ""I imagine he was almost relieved,"" a Pentagon official said. ""I mean, he lost his power, his country, his sons   and he lost his freedom in a lot of ways before we got him.""  It's equally significant that the devil, at least so far, isn't spitting fire. Had Saddam been taken in a pressed shirt, well-groomed, standing tall, spouting defiance, the Americans would have a new problem on their hands.  A dignified Saddam being manhandled by imperialist troops could well have become a rallying figure not just for former Baathists, but for Arab nationalists in Iraq and outside it. Whatever posture Saddam takes in whatever tribunal he appears in, he will likely never live down that image of him scruffy, defeated, opening his mouth for the doctor like a good boy. ""It's like he's a goat,"" one Iraqi delighted, watching the images of Saddam being searched on TV.  With Saddam at last captured one mystery is solved, but others now simmer. What happened to his weapons, his money, his remaining allies? What were his plans? Will all the Iraqis who have never learned what happened to their brother, their uncle, their neighbor now get the maps to the rest of the mass graves?  Will they find a way toward reconciliation, Sunni and Shi'a, Arab and Kurd, as every hopeful official set as a necessary step on a path toward true peace? The world waits for a new chapter and history prepares, once again, to turn on a dime."
"Iraq prison 'abuse' sparks outrage Friday, April 30, 2004 Posted: 10:32 AM EDT (1432 GMT)  Images of the apparent abuse were splashed across British newspapers. 	 (CNN) -- The broadcast of photographs apparently showing U.S. soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners has provoked outrage around the world.  Arab television stations led their news programs Friday with the images with one main channel calling the pictures evidence of the ""immoral practices"" of American forces.  British Prime Minister Tony Blair also condemned the alleged abuse of Iraqi prisoners, but stressed it did not reflect the conduct of the vast majority of coalition troops.  ""This is not representative of the 150,000 soldiers that are in Iraq,"" Blair's official spokesman said.  Eight cases of alleged mistreatment of Iraqis by British personnel were also being investigated, he confirmed.  American television network CBS aired the photos of U.S. soldiers engaged in a wide range of abuse at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad. CNN has not verified the authenticity of the images.  One picture apparently shows an Iraqi prisoner standing on a box with his head covered, wires attached to his hands. Others show U.S. soldiers smiling as they look at hooded and naked prisoners.  The U.S. military moved quickly, saying six soldiers had been charged with abusing inmates at the prison and an investigation launched.  Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt said Friday he was concerned the reports of abuse against Iraqis would ""increase the risk to the individual soldiers.""  He said he had met representatives of Iraq's newspapers to discuss how to report the story. Iraq does not publish newspapers on Friday, the Muslim holy day.  He said he was ""disgusted"" by the photographs from the CBS report.  ""It's a small number of soldiers who abused a small number of prisoners,"" he said, noting the vast majority of soldiers have treated people with dignity and respect.  Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday he was ""appalled"" by the images but praised the military for investigating.  Military expert Colonel Bob Stewart said the pictures would inflame an already volatile situation in the Arab world.  Stewart, NATO's former commander in Bosnia, told ITN they were ""the best recruiting sergeant that al Qaeda and those people that want to fight against British soldiers, American soldiers and the rest of coalition could ever want.""  The images were also splashed across many of Britain's newspapers. ""We are losing their hearts and minds,"" was the headline of the right-wing Daily Mail's main editorial comment.  The left-of-center Daily Mirror added: ""When it comes to winning hearts and minds the U.S. army hasn't got a clue. Many of its actions seem calculated to make enemies of Iraqis and drive them into the arms of extremists. The photos of prisoners being tortured ... are the most unforgivable acts yet.""  Kimmitt said the investigation involves a small number of troops.  Ann Clwyd, Blair's human rights envoy to Iraq and a lawmaker from the ruling Labor Party, voiced her condemnation. ""I think they are absolutely terrible. I am shocked,"" she told British radio.  However, Clwyd said there was no comparison with how prisoners were treated under Saddam. ""A small number of cases, horrible though they are -- you cannot compare that with the tens of thousands of people Saddam Hussein was responsible for executing and torturing.""  Some Baghdad residents, who saw the images on Arabic television networks on Friday, told CNN's Ben Wedeman they were angered by the photographs.  Al-Jazeera introduced the pictures by saying they showed the ""immoral practices"" of Iraq's occupation forces.  ""One Iraqi told me 'this sort of thing is unacceptable. It's a grave insult to the dignity and humanity of Iraqis,'"" Wedeman said.  ""The expectation is that this is going to be a huge problem to the U.S.-led coalition trying to explain the situation, trying to calm down what are going to be some pretty fiery emotions.""  Abdel Bari Atwan, editor of the London-based Al-Quds Al-Arabi newspaper, agreed. ""It is absolutely shocking. I think this is the end of the story, the straw that broke the camel's back, for America,"" he told the UK Press Association.  ""People will be extremely angry ... sexual abuse is the worst thing in that part of the world. It is shocking to all Muslims. America has lost the battle completely. I believe there will be more attacks.""  The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), which monitors treatment of prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions, said it could not confirm the authenticity of the images but expressed concern about them.  Spokesman Floridan Westphal noted that the United States had reported its investigation of the incident in question and indicated measures would be taken.  Speaking from Geneva, Switzerland, Westphal said the Geneva Conventions ""quite strictly"" outlaw mistreatment of prisons and said that at all times ""compliance with the conventions is essential."""
