I bought my Lenovo Yoga C740 at BestBuy (the exact same color and specs that Amazon sells here and the exact same price) and have been using it for about two weeks. I will start with a possible warning, which may or may not turn out to be an issue - the laptop might be dropping randomly Wi-Fi connections. Mine did it a few times. Reconnecting is easy but no other laptop or any other smart device at home does it, so it might be a specific issue related to this laptop line. The Lenovo Yoga 730 and C940 lines appear to be having similar Wi-Fi___33 issues and there are threads on the Lenovo forums about this problem, offering several possible solutions. Otherwise, the machine is very competent - light (about 3 lbs., 1.4 kg.), thin, comfortable, quick. Typing is easy, and the keys are very comfortable, the backlit keyboard has two settings, and the fingerprint sensor is accurate and fast. The battery is outstanding. It seems to last about 8-9 hours on full brightness and probably 14-15 hours on half (I read online reviews where it indeed lasted for 15 hours). The processor is good, although there are better 10th generation Intel i5 models out there, but the laptop is comfortably quick. The screen is bright, the colors are accurate and feel slightly warm. The webcam is fine (720p HD) and has a privacy shutter (a nice decision - it is built-in and requires you to slide it with your nails or with something very thin - the tiny sliding panel is located right above the webcam). The audio is quite loud, coming from a pair of Dolby Atmos speakers. The fan is quiet. Its a 2-in-1 type (Lenovo calls, in fact, a 4-in-1), and tablet mode also works well. The ports of the C740 are a bit unusual. It has two USB-C ports and one USB-A 3.1 port. You can charge it in any of the two USB-C ports (the charging adapter has a USB-C jack). It lacks an HDMI port. I bought a small hub from Amazon (Gem USB C Hub) that works well with it and has an HDMI port plus some more USB-A ports. I can also confirm that the laptop works well with a Wacom Bamboo Ink pen. It also works with a Lenovo Active Pen 1 or 2 (according to Lenovo). I only tested it with the Bamboo Ink stylus and have had no issues. One final word of caution: beware McAfee LiveSafe that might come pre-installed (the BestBuy model did). Years ago, I used to test AV software as a hobby. McAfee was always a pain to remove and would brick machines worse than other AV programs. This has not really changed over the years. On the day I bought this laptop, I almost returned it back to BestBuy, because after setting Windows 10 for the first time, McAfee got stuck with a bad update and I had to reset Windows because it became unresponsive and would load but then freeze. It was quite a fight to get it to start the resetting process because it would begin to do so and freeze again. After Windows was reset and McAfee removed, there have been no issues. To sum up, its a nice, stylish laptop. I would think that it is a bit overpriced (cheaper laptops from HP and Dell come with stronger Intel 10th generation i5 processors), but if you pair it against a MacBook (and it looks as nice or even nicer than a MacBook) - then the price would seems good.
Laptop was advertised as new but arrived in a Lenovo box with a broken seal and a user account already set up.  The return process took about three weeks from the time I shipped it back until the refund was issued.
Shipped without product key for windows 10. Runs on windows 8. TOTAL RIP OFF DO NOT PURCHASE.
Fresh out of the brand-new packaging half the keyboard does not work. T, y, backspace, both shifts, and caps lock are what I have noticed so far. Impossible to get anything accomplished with this. Immediately set to return it. Would NOT recommend as I vet seen many posts about keyboard issues as well!!
I work from home and have a heavier Lenovo ThinkPad from work. This one is a lot more portable - around the house and when traveling. Its very responsive and quick. I use a blue marble skin on it to protect it from scratches. I am a 66 yr. old educator who creates online graduate courses for a college in Chicago. I work remotely from Florida and have no problem doing my work on this Yoga. In fact, Ive hardly used my work laptop since getting this one 2 mos. ago. Favorite features: thin profile, screen brightness, backlit keyboard, and finger recognition for login (which works amazingly well). Ive never regretted getting this laptop and highly recommend it.
Looking for a laptop for myself, a freshman in college, I was so scared that I would purchase the wrong laptop. I looked and compared things for weeks on end. This was the best laptop that I could have ever bought for myself. It runs great, I find no problems in it being slow. The Touch screen works great. I love that I can fold it in have and use it as a tablet if I want. Sometimes when Im lying in bed to watch a movie, I can flip the screen backwards to stand it up. The sound is also amazing on this thing! I can have a lot of tabs open at once for school and I have had absolutely no troubles with anything so far. The camera quality is also fantastic for those of you stuck in zoom classes. The battery also lasts me through at least one, if not two full days of usage. Its nice that the charger for the computer is a US-C cable, it works perfectly with my pixel phone! If I ever need to charge anything I just switch back and forth between my computer and my phone. Although quick thing if there are any gamers stumbling on this computer. Although, it is a very amazing computer, but I seriously doubt you can run anything heavy duty on here such as a Call of Duty game, CSGO, or anything that needs a lot of ram. If you love playing Minecraft though, I was able to run that very easily without no problem. Overall, it is a great computer, if anything ever happens to this one I will for sure buy from this company again. Also, extra brownie points for this company because it came in A WEEK EARLIER THAN IT WAS SUPPOSED TOO!! I was shocked to find it in the mail. Any college student looking for a nice computer for school, dont worry no more because this is your best option!
Had the c720 and was ready to upgrade. Build quality is excellent, touch screen is fantastic. Just about everything has been upgraded and it is great. Arrived 2 days earlier!! Great shipping, great price!!
This Lenovo Yoga is great for the price.  I bought it because of the reputation of this brand and this seller.  The laptop is crisp and reliable, gives me all I need for office use and some play.  I learned that Lenovo does not allow memory expansion so Im not sure Id go with this brand if I were a heavy user, but it suits my needs and is fast for me. Also, I appreciate the seller who has a great satisfaction rating and gives a 30-day guarantee on their product.  Received it in less than half the time anticipated. (thanks!)
Ive owned this laptop for a month and so far, I have to say its an amazing product for its price (bought it at 650$). Good performance overall, Id recommend it for students, browsing, office and streaming (YouTube, Netflix).Pros-Good display and color accuracy-good build quality-light weight and good looking Cons-glossy screen  (would not recommend for outdoor use, looks like a mirror)-my unit gets very hot sometimes when charger plugged in So far no problems with Wi-Fi___33 connections Nor screen or trackpad issues. Decent speakers and keyboard.
Purchased for wife who wanted slim lightweight powerful machine.  just registered with Lenovo and does not appear to be any issues with 1-year warranty.  Only thing is would like to have had 512 GB SSD, only 256 Beveller did great job in getting in few days and no issues with packaging.  One comment was surprised that signature was not required.  This was a good value on Amazon and seller was great.
Just perfect for my needs. Nice and light and love the feel if it
This series of laptops from Lenovo have hinge issues. Particularly on the left hinge. Mine came with loose LCD frame connection with the hinge. NOT the sellers fault. Seller was great. Fast shipping. Brand new laptop came in sealed box. Its a manufacturing / design issue with Lenovo Yoga.
If I could give this product zero stars I would. Customer service told me to purchase another laptop before they would send me another laptop is not fair. I am a full-time college student that does not have an extra 7-800$ sitting around and I need my laptop hence all classes are online currently. I have yet to hear back from customer service to resolve my complaint. I even had Lenovo technician come to my home to try to fix my laptop and he said I would need a new device. The customer service has not responded. Terrible customer service. Would NOT recommend!
This is an attractive laptop with good features at a reasonable price point.  However, the laptops on/off button failed in less than a month of ownership.  We returned this two weeks ago but havent heard back on our refund.
Just few weeks of buying this laptop, it started to have charging issues. First, it will not charge when am using it and is turn. If I plug the charger while laptop is on, the screen will flash on and off constantly. So, it only charges when am not using it and is off.  After that, it stops charging all together. Even if I turn it off, the charger will not charge the battery. It will turn on with charger connected but still will not charge. Just a waste
The backspace and delete buttons are temperamental. They work sometimes and sometimes they dont. Foolishly, I was hoping the problem would clear up and did not return it within the window. I should have. Im not sure if a problem with sticky keys is something that can be addressed with the warranty or not. I would NOT recommend it.
With everything online this semester for school, I was looking for a good laptop for taking notes. This laptop works excellently. The touch screen is very nice and responsive and the laptop itself is lightweight and can easily be adjusted to suit your needs. For the best experience writing, Id recommend getting a stylus, as this laptop does not come with one unless you add it on. All in all, this laptop gives you all the important features that premium ones have while also staying affordable.
This computer was purchased for online learning this school year. It has completely stopped working and I have had to do complete reset twice. This is not even remotely okay. My eight-year-old daughter does her schoolwork on this device and just runs a few school apps. Nothing she is doing should crash this machine, but it keeps happening.
I was looking for a new convertible tablet/laptop for my wife. She wanted something small-is, light, with keyboard and touch screen. Having used only Windows computers, she also wanted Microsoft Windows. The Yoga fit bill is inexpensive and made my wife happy. A win on all fronts.
As light and thin as an older iPad. Bright, sharp screen. Charger cable is a sub, and has a USB port for external drives etc. Sadly, no HDMI port. Perfect for my middle schooler to carry to school or just kick back with it in her lap.
At first, I really liked this laptop. Its nice & light. But I started noticing in zoom meetings that my audio would start sounding robotic. Then, the mic stopped working altogether at around 3 months. Now, Im having to send it off to be fixed (and yes, Lenovo is covering it), but that still means Im without a computer for at least a week.
Beautiful, perfect size, durable, I love how modern it is, can switch position, the fingerprint looks very professional and I can cover the camera to avoid accidents it charges fast and boots fast.
This laptop is solid and lightweight for the money, compares well to my MacBook Air which cost a few hundred more. It gets hot seemingly at random, though, and the fan can be loud. My MacBook is far less prone to glitches, but I blame that on Windows, not the hardware.
My son loves his new laptop. Fast, mobile, and light due to the size. This far this purchase has exceeded our expectations.
computer will shut down randomly. would not recommend
4 days in and loving it so far! Super light and streamlined with an easy to use interface. Very fast processing and high-quality screen. Enjoying the tablet mode too. Recommend!
My son uses this laptop every day. Loves Ut
I loved this computer when I first got it, but within months realized that the slow wireless reception I was receiving was not due to my ISP deficiency but to the Lenovo computer itself (this problem is all over reviews elsewhere but somehow I missed it before purchasing).  Now we are experiencing COVID and I really need this computer to perform but. Lenovo service, at least currently, is very poor.  During such a time a drop-in service is expected in most industries, but Lenovo service is the worst I have experienced so far. It is not possible to reach a tech support person by phone, and if you request a call back it can occur any time within 48 hours and you need to be ready and available when it comes.  When I got my call back two days later, I was in the car and was told I would receive another call at an appointed time that evening, but the call never came.  I also tried creating a support request ticket through their website, but I got a message that my product is not supported (this is a new model and a new computer).  I tried a chat support, but the chat tech initially made, umm. lets say less than logical recommendations, and then apparently got some help because the later recommendations were highly technical and involved advanced settings, as well as updating drivers, and the instructions did not match the option choices in the settings.  Desperate for a solution, I finally spent virtually all night researching this problem on YouTube and I think made some progress with part of the problem, but thought it would be a good idea to follow the techs instruction to make sure all the recommended updates were installed.  I installed their recommended bios update and now I have no access to my docking station and all the accessories needed for an intensive work. A new cycle of bad support begins...So now my Wi-Fi___33 reception is better, no thanks to Lenovo, but I am not looking forward to another night of research. I did not buy this from Amazon, I bought it from Best Buy, but you may as well buy it from Amazon because Best Buy has no better access to support than Lenovo.  Since I value good support and do not enjoy researching this when I need to be sleeping, I am going back to Dell where the quality and support is excellent.
Very happy with the purchase. Functionality is great, resolution is beautiful, love the back light, sounds fantastic. The only downside is it only has one USB port - I bought a USB splicer to add extra ports and problem solved!
Works fine for a day to day multiuse computer.
It is thin, small as I wanted and easy to use. I love Lenovo. Also, the weight is great, and the charger is small.
Good one for its price
Great product exactly what I was looking for.
I honestly love this laptop!
The camera on the computer didnt work. I must return it. :(
Great quality product! Came in original packaging. Seller delivered promptly. Will buy again. Recommend product and seller!!
Amazing machine the last yoga I had lasted 9 years and its still working just wanted to upgrade.
Display, keyboard, speakers, and build quality is top tier. The speed is unimaginable.
Greatest machine I have ever had!
Good
Very good value for money.
Excellent product
I purchased this computer around December of 2019 (not from amazon, but from BestBuy). It has been excellent overall. I am most impressed by its memory capacity and its speed. The keyboard is very good also and allows very fast typing. The touchscreen works well, although I dont have much use for that. One drawback for me is that it didnt come with MS Word, although some sources (BestBuy possibly) may give you this option with an extra payment. So, I downloaded OpenOffice and LibreOffice. One thing which is also missing is an HDMI port, so I bought two converters, one converting from HDMI to USB C, and another for HDMI to USB 3.0 (standard). One of these will have to be purchased if you want to use HDMI.I would like to say one more thing though and it is about the ventilation of these notebook computers.  If you are using the computer on a couch and dont want to use a table in front of you, to keep adequate ventilation you should put the computer on a computer stand or on some surface which allows ventilation. (A fabric of a couch is not one of them). I use a large sketchbook and it seems to allow ventilation. If you dont allow ventilation the overheating will eventually destroy the internal components of the machine. Its an incredible bargain at 800 dollars. (I bought mine for around 1,000 at BestBuy).
DO NOT BUY!! - Lenovo Support and Premium Care Worst in Industry Lenovo Support and Premium Care Worst in Industry - DO Not Care about Customers bought a Lenovo Yoga C740 14 - Mica laptop on July 20, 2020 on about Sept 1st, 2020 the screen cracked and the touchscreen no longer worked. The shutter for camera cracked when we tried to close the shutter and it cracked the screen making 3 full length cracks in the screen. I called support via chat and explained the issue they said they would give me a replacement and they would call in 2-3 days. I week later I called back, escalated the issue and they said for sure in 2 days they would call. 3 days later called back, escalated the issue a 2nd time. Again, assurance someone would call. Waited more than a week and called again! this time asking for a full refund. They said they understood, and someone would call me. Waited another week, more than 1 month as passed now with cracked screen. I called support on the phone spent 45 mins on the line being transferred and put on hold to finally get hung up on. I called premium support and again they said they will escalate, and someone will call. I asked for supervisor or manager. Waited 10 mins only to tell me they are busy! They would call me. I asked for an exact time and they did not want to give it. Finally had no choice but to wait again. Laptop was bought for my son to do his schoolwork now with a cracked screen which can cut him. I cannot get a refund, replacement, or anything. Cannot buy a new one until I get a refund as I cannot afford to buy 2 laptops!!!We are screwed and no one at Lenovo wants to help, cares to help or I suspect is even able to help. This is by far the worse support and premium care I have ever experience in my lifetime. They build bad laptops then make it impossible to get it fixed, replaced, or get a refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Such amazing laptop only have had it for an ill bit, but I am very pleased to start working with this and its so flawlessly smoothie. Cant get my girlfriend to stop using it!!
Mobility, very good performance
I have always been a Lenovo fan but my wife on the other had has always had Dell. I hoped to convert her with this Laptop, and she loves it. First, the build quality is amazing since it has an all-aluminum body which feels very premium. The screen is awesome at 1080p but do recommend getting a screen protector if you will be using touch since it is glossy and will get fingerprints. The one I used to be Spiga Tempered Glass Screen Protector Designed for Asus Chromebook Flip C434TA on amazon which fit it perfectly after reading about someone doing the same. The speakers on this laptop are amazing with Dolby Audio I was amazed at what I was hearing! Keyboard is nice and comfortable to type on with feedback just so satisficing. Pairing with Lenovo Active Pen 2 which I bought from amazon really adds value to this laptop when writing notes. If youre looking for a mid-range laptop than I really recommend it. 14in is good for someone who wants something light and portable to take from desk to bed. Recommend to anyone
I had to change the review, As the laptop suddenly stopped working in 2 months of usage and its been more than 15 days, I am trying to get help from Lenovo service center. I have not seen a worst service center response than this. Really really worried as its been 15 days since I am losing my work.
Exceptional, I loved it, I have been a Mac user for 10 years and the change was not negative, it is even better than latest Mac.
I like the touch screen just like using smart phone.
Beautiful and slim, very practical
